David Schwartz: New session notes are super helpful.
ericrosenbaum: So good, Tim. Thank you.
David Schwartz: Did not remember like that stuff.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, I think I found things that for the first time from
Timothy Sackton: The zoom auto transcript is amazing.
Timothy Sackton: That's, that's what I've been doing is I just I you know I spent 20 minutes just running through the transcription copying and pasting the things that seem most relevant
Timothy Sackton: Because you can see that those have gotten much more detailed since I started recording to the cloud, instead of recording
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Because zoom auto transcribes your recordings, and it gives it like has five different audio feed. So, it records.
Timothy Sackton: Each person. So you get names and everything. It's really not. It's
Timothy Sackton: Weird Things like done Mari gets translated in a bunch of odd ways but
ericrosenbaum: I made some edits and changes and stuff.
Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so
Timothy Sackton: The four of you have just stepped out of the Council meeting.
Timothy Sackton: Where weighty decisions about the future of Caroll were discussed
Timothy Sackton: Looking around the town.
Timothy Sackton: The desert stretching off in the distance, the Red Cliff walls of the Mesa, leaving behind you people gathering to chat and talk at the oasis as rumors are passing
Timothy Sackton: News is starting to spread that the you know the guts are back that have dar has even now started to go out in among the people, and
Timothy Sackton: Asked for volunteers of trying to recruit more warriors for his for his band. And there's a sense around the town that you know something is happening even though people don't know the details are not yet clear though.
Timothy Sackton: News is not obvious.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Relief and joy of the festival has faded and the games are starting to break up a little bit as news spreads like wildfire that have does looking for troops, you know, nobody's certain what's going to happen. But there's an undercurrent in the air that danger is on its way.
Timothy Sackton: So you have the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: The festival of rebirth. The festival of Giovanni starts tomorrow evening.
Timothy Sackton: If there's anything that you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: In particular,
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do
David Kong: So can we recap for a second, what our strategy was is basically
David Kong: From I've been a chance to reread the session as but we're basically
David Kong: Town is evacuating
David Kong: They're all headed west to cobra.
Yep.
David Kong: And they're being a dirt. They're heading west with
David Kong: Up dar
Timothy Sackton: Who
David Kong: Okay. And so he's rallying the troops to go and protect the people
David Kong: Yeah, we are going to stay and help fortify the temple.
Because
David Kong: My locker a notice on my guides
Timothy Sackton: Shark Kuhn
David Kong: The Shack when they're staying so we're going to help fortify turn this whole area into like a like a spot that when we come back we'll be can be safe.
David Kong: We. Oh, and then
David Kong: A lash is writing to go find the king, so that the king can go and rally forces.
David Kong: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: You decided that
Timothy Sackton: So somebody you decided somebody need to scout south as well as you
David Kong: Also, unless you're scouting since
Mike Sackton: She's going
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So Shutterfly got another Messenger. Right.
David Kong: Right, right. That's what it was their record their politics and
David Kong: Right.
David Kong: They're gonna find the right messenger that group talking. So let's just going south and we are going north. Yeah, those are tasks are to
David Kong: Help fortify the temple and then figure out what the fuck were doing or where the fuck are going and
David Kong: Try to figure out a plan is that
Mike Sackton: Going to ravens whole the
David Kong: Creepy places.
Mike Sackton: Where the halfway turn crazy
Timothy Sackton: Robbie has been a little bit of time with a lash and
Timothy Sackton: Added some more details to his map.
David Kong: Oh,
ericrosenbaum: Man.
David Schwartz: Hey. Oh, sweet. That's really cool too.
Mike Sackton: Hey, where are we, I was gonna say where are we working, but we're working in well 20
ericrosenbaum: Um, I
ericrosenbaum: I basically copy down my own annotated on my own annotated versions that features that I'm interested in here.
David Schwartz: Fort marking do nice across the chasm.
Timothy Sackton: Between that's where
David Schwartz: That's where we work with
ericrosenbaum: That was the level to fort. We're now in fact right
Timothy Sackton: Now you're
David Schwartz: As long as to the level seven
ericrosenbaum: Accidentally
Timothy Sackton: I guess it out right now.
Mike Sackton: What is that what is this
Timothy Sackton: Giant lightning storm.
Mike Sackton: That everybody's been talking about. Okay.
ericrosenbaum: That's messed up.
ericrosenbaum: What else. All right. There's a couple of the fourth down south. There's that dessert. What's best Buddha.
Timothy Sackton: That's another that's like a agricultural farming village that
Timothy Sackton: Is where
Timothy Sackton: It was what was attacked and where half dark road from earlier. And now his most of his, his troops are guarding refugees that are coming
Timothy Sackton: Northwest. The carwash from there.
Gotcha.
David Kong: Do you mind sharing the master. I'm like, away from my other computers just sharing the map on the screen for a second.
Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Just remind me to start the music again because it'll stop when I
ericrosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong: Oh,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So Raven tones lightning storm.
Timothy Sackton: Village. That was attacked
Timothy Sackton: was attacked terroir
Timothy Sackton: telco which is where everybody's heading.
ericrosenbaum: So Tim,
ericrosenbaum: Part of geology, as we all know, is
ericrosenbaum: I'm wondering if I can make any kind of influence about the movement of this storm or have we heard that. It's just like holding in place.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean if you if you went and looked at it. Yes, you would probably be able to make lots of influence, based on your background, but from the route, all you've heard really is, there's a giant storm to the north, that
Timothy Sackton: Won't stop. And as far as lightning. You don't know. Nobody is nobody is tracked it's detailed movements or anything like that. You don't really know if it's fixed in place or drifting or heading in a particular direction.
ericrosenbaum: Like normally storms would
ericrosenbaum: Move from east across
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes. Normally storms would
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure which the correct weather pattern, Ruby. But yes, normally storms that move across probably
ericrosenbaum: Due to the Coriolis force or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like
Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
crucial question.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's even a
Timothy Sackton: Globe or not.
David Schwartz: As a key part of
David Schwartz: Geology is planetary whether it's
ericrosenbaum: This is what I'm saying simulation modeling of atmospheric disturbances.
ericrosenbaum: Get analysis and
ericrosenbaum: Loving the map.
David Kong: Mailing
David Kong: stop sharing
ericrosenbaum: And
ericrosenbaum: I'd like to investigate CA, see if there's anything I can learn about the origin of the book that I received
David Kong: I
ericrosenbaum: Received I received a book of obsessively that eat for the days, during which the festival games are happening. So I had my nose.
All the time.
ericrosenbaum: And it was like among the gifts given to us anonymously for our you're saving
ericrosenbaum: Right, right.
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, it doesn't have any
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't. I mean, there's no obvious markings, or I mean nobody signed their name or anything like that. So,
Timothy Sackton: It seems pretty mysterious. I mean, what, like what it, what are you
Timothy Sackton: How exactly would you investigate its origins
ericrosenbaum: So I guess they're kind of two questions, like where did the book come from originally and who wrote it. But then there's also like who dropped it off.
ericrosenbaum: For us, and
ericrosenbaum: So where did we receive all those gifts in the tavern or something.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so they had sort of accumulated over the course of a day.
Timothy Sackton: You know, people dropping things off in acknowledgement of your, of your role and then it Chrome had given them all to you.
ericrosenbaum: So I can ask
ericrosenbaum: Him.
ericrosenbaum: If he remembers anything about. Who left this particular book.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What
Mike Sackton: Is it I lost track of what time it is.
Timothy Sackton: early afternoon.
And
Mike Sackton: The main like
Mike Sackton: ending of the festival
Is
Mike Sackton: Like what's the
Mike Sackton: Timing on
Timothy Sackton: So you have about
Timothy Sackton: A day and a half until
Timothy Sackton: The festival starts
ericrosenbaum: In the evening.
ericrosenbaum: And then continues for
ericrosenbaum: Roughly 24 hours.
Timothy Sackton: So you have about
ericrosenbaum: Or the religious part of the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of games and market is is sort of winding down at this point.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: You have about a day and a half until the festival begins or anything like to accomplish. Before that, then there's a roughly the day of the festival and then
Timothy Sackton: After that, you know,
Timothy Sackton: That spread
Timothy Sackton: Fast. Others, however much time before you leave. But you know, that's the
Timothy Sackton: Villagers will present will be trying to leave quite soon after the festival. Right.
Mike Sackton: Um, I was wondering if I could go is, is there anybody who would set. Like I wouldn't. Now that we have some money. I wouldn't mind getting a shield and some better armor.
Oh,
Yeah, that's definitely
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, that's easy.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: At the market or
Timothy Sackton: You know, for for basic stuff Josue I mean your shield, you can easily get from him.
Timothy Sackton: But I think that's there's no need to like role play that
Mike Sackton: No, no, no.
David Kong: Okay, how would do the same thing. Same thing if there's better gear. I don't know what I get, like, a better staff or a better
Timothy Sackton: I mean monks are pretty gear independent
David Kong: True.
Timothy Sackton: You're basically just you know you don't wear armor.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really use weapons, how
ericrosenbaum: Do you go barefoot, you might want like the world's best boots.
David Kong: About shoes. Actually, it's a good question. I throw darts. Right.
David Kong: I do have some range weapons.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Tim.
Mike Sackton: Can I trade it like so I have a change shirt.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Can I get some money back from it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, sure. You can get
ericrosenbaum: Happens trade in Nice.
David Kong: I'm
David Kong: Good question of what gear. We're going to need for this journey.
Um,
ericrosenbaum: Are we gonna ride.
ericrosenbaum: In the most
ericrosenbaum: Do you know how to do that.
You
Timothy Sackton: Don't have it for the rest of
Right, I mean,
David Kong: We should all get horses.
Timothy Sackton: Can dress and keys are happy to supply you with horses.
ericrosenbaum: Great.
You know, yes.
ericrosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong: Do we need like a pack horse or do we have like is one horse and not for us to like ride and
ericrosenbaum: We have an invisible pet course.
Well, one question. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: The coin becomes a form that can hold hundreds of pounds and just follows us automatically
David Kong: disappears. Yeah.
David Schwartz: You can also load up extra stuff on my horse because I am like, this big.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: You know, I think, for simplicity. I mean, unless you want to do something like, you know, have many horses each and
Timothy Sackton: Try and ride really fast switching horses. I wouldn't worry about it. You can, you know,
Timothy Sackton: One horse per person is plenty to
David Kong: Just
Timothy Sackton: You know, carry 10 days of food and a few days of water and stuff, you know, everything you need to survive this.
ericrosenbaum: Let's briefly review what we know about the hazards. We're going to encounter.
Great question.
David Schwartz: So,
David Schwartz: Walls to get over to probably worth everyone having like wrote for grappling
David Schwartz: On the other side, a field of like giant attack vines.
ericrosenbaum: Oh god.
David Schwartz: Does not like like tell God around or light.
ericrosenbaum: sleeper or
David Schwartz: But there's not
David Schwartz: Smell like chemical killer.
Timothy Sackton: There's no chemicals.
Timothy Sackton: Are definitely magical killers, I would imagine, but
David Schwartz: Maybe some, like, I'm thinking of like some oil and like a pumper spray or something. I mean,
ericrosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: I mean, it's sort of a terrible idea. But then we probably going to announce our presence, but to burn our way through something
ericrosenbaum: Just we're in architecture ever encounter like really like you come back, you know, just a second later like 150 years later after you're building your thing, and you come back, and like, Oh, no, you know, covered with a small forest. Like, what would it works do and
Timothy Sackton: I'm usually chopped down the forest and use that because word is precious.
David Kong: How many, how many days, right, is it to Arabians all
Timothy Sackton: Depends on how hard you want to push yourself.
And
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: How
Timothy Sackton: Fast. You want to travel so
Timothy Sackton: You know, if you're just like riding flat out without, you know, multiple forces or like
Timothy Sackton: Pushing your horses past the limits of their interests or
Timothy Sackton: Anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's probably about
Timothy Sackton: Four and a half to five days.
ericrosenbaum: You could
Timothy Sackton: Four and a half days if you if you so there's
Timothy Sackton: Not really a road, but there's like a wagon route a trade route that had sort of North and sort of meanders that's
Timothy Sackton: A dotted line. And if you sort of, you can
Timothy Sackton: This is not
Timothy Sackton: Totally Accurate, but you can shave a little bit of time off by cutting across the world is probably about 20 Miles like
ericrosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Three quarters of a day off or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, if you're riding hard and fast paced, you know,
Timothy Sackton: It's gonna be hard to, you know,
Timothy Sackton: pay much attention to what's around you.
Timothy Sackton: You won't really have time to
Timothy Sackton: You know, try and
Timothy Sackton: Find water and stuff like that. I mean, you can probably carry enough water to get you there.
David Kong: But we're also trying to like observed stuff as we go.
David Kong: Yeah, we're trying to get there, but we're also just try that. So it's not like we're trying to like go as fast as we can. No matter what I
David Kong: Think we probably want to go at a pace where weekend still
David Kong: Taking that because the other kind of related strategic question.
Is
David Kong: Where we're trying to meet back at the temple at some point and meet with a lash because ideally she's
David Kong: Searched a bunch of shit. We searched a bunch of stuff and then we're going to converge.
David Kong: You may decide on
With her
David Kong: How long, we're gonna take like we're going to take two weeks to
Timothy Sackton: So she is, she left the Council to confer with Kesa about who should be sent in her place to scout, and also to because she was going to travel, not by herself, but with a couple of carved ours companions. Other people who were skilled
Timothy Sackton: Writers and
Timothy Sackton: Relatively Stealthy sneaky types on horseback, so that they could run away from hide or run away from danger if they encounter that they're not really fighting types, um,
Timothy Sackton: So she is probably doing that, but you could certainly talk to her at some point this afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: figure all that stuff out if you want to, I think, whatever you propose.
Timothy Sackton: She would be fine, but
David Schwartz: Good.
Timothy Sackton: So I was gonna say at a, at a sort of normal pace, it would be six to seven days travel
Timothy Sackton: So six days if you cut over seven days on the road. And if you want to. If you're going like slow and healthy trying to hide.
Timothy Sackton: And trying to, you know, really pay careful attention to everything around you're talking like nine to 10 days to get there, that's, I mean, it was so that half links took about 10 days.
Timothy Sackton: On the road to get here from there. But of course, traveling at a relatively slow pace with the wagons and things like that.
David Schwartz: Well, what does it mean going to do two things. The first is, he's going to unpack everything he owns and repack it back together again like
Mike Sackton: We just
David Schwartz: Go through
David Schwartz: Is a thorough planner is going to sit up front and go through every arrowhead re sharpening it
David Schwartz: Then the other can only do is go back to the half into them and see the question again more information.
And then
David Schwartz: We're not have to role play through the encounter.
David Schwartz: You know, in the interest of time, but that's doesn't go back again, and especially finding more information, but like the details of how did you get to the wall, where did you get through the wall as possible.
David Schwartz: Okay, just
Timothy Sackton: Anything relevant at all. Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Right ok so well we didn't add
Timothy Sackton: That were shopping
Timothy Sackton: Anything else
Timothy Sackton: Late afternoon. You'll, you'll have a conversation with the lash
ericrosenbaum: It grim about the book and
Timothy Sackton: Talking to the park right
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So why don't
Timothy Sackton: You go ahead
David Kong: Jose Kenzo is gonna
David Kong: If can dress was around. Yep.
David Kong: Kendall wants to spend a little bit of
Time.
David Kong: Talking about kind of lock in.
David Kong: A cult and then also understanding more, a little bit more about the history of what's going on with the cocoon and and also trying to learn if there's any
David Kong: Kind of mystic or a cult related things that we might expect in the north, I guess there, you know, are there other is ravens whole connected to any of these deities and any weird way. Are there, you know, just kind of get getting more of the lay of the land there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay so well be. You had off to the half links encampments sort of outside the market.
Timothy Sackton: And as you
Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: So, so as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: Kelly comes out sort of sizes you coming in comes and sort of cuts you off a little bit and kind of pose you off to the side.
Timothy Sackton: To talk and says,
Timothy Sackton: Well be
Timothy Sackton: Good to see you. It's, it's been a tough few days.
Timothy Sackton: My brother. He's well he's not getting worse so much but he's definitely not getting better and a couple days ago at the market, he
Timothy Sackton: Had one of his episodes and
Timothy Sackton: Well, my grandmother's very upset, she you know we've sold hardly anything. It's been a
Timothy Sackton: It's been very bad if there's if you have any good news at all.
Timothy Sackton: I would love to hear it.
David Schwartz: No.
David Schwartz: In a few days after the festival, the town's gonna be moving west. Most people are evacuating for safety.
David Schwartz: Perhaps you have better luck.
Timothy Sackton: We've heard
Timothy Sackton: Some rumors. I didn't know what to think.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Schwartz: Is there anything else that you can tell
David Schwartz: Me about
David Schwartz: riddance holder. The road between here and there and going with my companion. So that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the road. Well,
Timothy Sackton: It's not a bad journey, the road. The track is clear. The entire way. There are a few good oases good spots to get water.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's
Timothy Sackton: In the past, it's always felt like the safest part of the journey like you come through the mountains and it's always a little dicey, but the
Timothy Sackton: You know, last 10 days or so through Donmar are relaxing and you know the the planes up north. Our are much more hospitable. The deserts of the South. It's not quite so dry.
Timothy Sackton: Can be quite pretty at times even
Timothy Sackton: But now I don't know, after what happened at ravens hold nothing chased us particularly we didn't have any trouble on the road, but
Timothy Sackton: You know, I've been hearing all sorts of rumors. I don't know if the same will hold in the future.
Timothy Sackton: Ravens hold itself is set up.
Timothy Sackton: A few miles off the track.
Timothy Sackton: East
Timothy Sackton: But it's pretty obvious. I mean, you can see it from the road, though the mountains themselves form of sharp rise from the planes and ravens holders sat in a in a valley, there's a
Timothy Sackton: A wall across the valley, and you can see the
Timothy Sackton: The outer wall and the keep the fortress set up a little bit in the valley from the road.
Timothy Sackton: It's never been a place that seemed very hospitable to explore. I think there's some dwarves and caves there or something like that as well. I've heard
Timothy Sackton: There.
Timothy Sackton: There is a small river. Well, I shouldn't say River, a stream that flows out and it's the gatehouse seems like it's falling in. So it's if you wade through the wherever it's pretty easy to just get in that way.
Timothy Sackton: But I've never explored myself. It's always seemed a little bit too.
Timothy Sackton: Creepy
David Schwartz: Is there more
David Schwartz: To it that isn't visible.
David Schwartz: I mean, presumably not since it's built as a fortress. But there's no
Timothy Sackton: None that I'm aware of.
David Schwartz: You know where the Oregon caves are
Were fun now.
Timothy Sackton: I've just heard rumors.
Timothy Sackton: If you're going there and she likes sort of looks
Timothy Sackton: You know very much concerned if you find anything that might help and or please
Timothy Sackton: I guess we're going to be heading to Tokyo with everybody else. But please
Timothy Sackton: You know, come tell me
Timothy Sackton: Let us know because
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much longer. He's going to be able to live like this.
Timothy Sackton: we'd really appreciate it.
David Schwartz: We'll see you in. And that's not took her
Then
Timothy Sackton: We'll see you in toker
Timothy Sackton: There anything else you'd like to try and learn from the halfway
David Schwartz: I don't think so. I mean, unless you can get anything more out of her brother, it's not just one
Timothy Sackton: More thing. I mean, you can try reaching out with your telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: Make just a straight wisdom check
Timothy Sackton: So after you talk to her. You kind of reach out to enter a little bit and just trying to see, and his I mean his thoughts are
Timothy Sackton: Very much consumed by this
Timothy Sackton: You know this repeated mantra of the masters coming the master will consume the world.
Timothy Sackton: Just what you've heard before, but sort of trying to concentrate a little bit on on what he's saying. And the way the chat is going, you're, you're able to kind of
Timothy Sackton: You know, like you did once before, sort of try and pro, you know, give them probing questions to
Timothy Sackton: Try and get images. And you do see the detail of him like walking splashing in this river which didn't seem to dig too deep. And then looking
Timothy Sackton: Past the wall. There's a waterfall coming down from the mountains for water falling into a pool that then flows into the river to your right ahead. There's a
Timothy Sackton: A second wall that's mostly crumbling and then a intact tower that set against the cliff, and then there's a sort of field stretching on either side of the river of
Timothy Sackton: You know, sort of Scrabble some trees and and better vegetation right along the river and then
Timothy Sackton: Sort of as the, as it slopes up away from the river on the slopes, the sort of scraggly plants and you see yourself as and you're kind of walking towards the keep through this field of these scraggly vines. And then as just this flash of
Timothy Sackton: Hunger and
Timothy Sackton: Pain and this just raw desire for
Timothy Sackton: You know, to just consume whatever you can get it you get kind of kicked out of his mind.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear the sort of faint whimpering in the background and then a scream and then
Timothy Sackton: Silence
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: Ok so seeker, you had back to the tavern crumbs
Timothy Sackton: So as you approach a crumb is
Timothy Sackton: He seems there's a lot of people here, there's
Timothy Sackton: Many new people, even people who weren't here for the festival seem to have been coming into town over the past couple of hours and
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: As you walk in it. Crumb runs up to you. And it's sort of like
Timothy Sackton: Have you heard, have you seen all these people. There's refugees starting to come from the south.
Timothy Sackton: Where, where are your companions. Do you know what's you know what's happening. This is
Timothy Sackton: These are bad times for for carola
Timothy Sackton: you're muted.
ericrosenbaum: I'll gather them up, they've they've gone off in various Aaron's
ericrosenbaum: But that's good to know where they're coming from.
Timothy Sackton: From the south from from ambassador, mostly, it seems like the town was the village was attacked
Timothy Sackton: A few who survived are are now coming to us and
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I don't know if the whatever attack them is on their heels, or we just don't know they say there's there's many following behind them and have doors troops are are trying to protect the rear and and slow down, whatever it is, but it sounds bad.
ericrosenbaum: He
ericrosenbaum: Will have to try to leave whatever this bad thing is
Timothy Sackton: Are you I've heard harmed ours recruiting. Are you are you joining his band.
ericrosenbaum: Our party had planned to go north to ravens hold
Timothy Sackton: Ah, interesting. Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what's up there. That sounds dangerous.
ericrosenbaum: We've heard that there are some some bad magic except there.
David Kong: You are talking to the
David Kong: gossipy town.
David Kong: Guy.
ericrosenbaum: Any reason to think that our plan is secret.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't think it's particularly secret.
ericrosenbaum: He does.
Timothy Sackton: You might not want to spread around that. There's like evil bad magic coming for Carolina or something like that that might make people nervous, but
ericrosenbaum: I guess. So it's kind of coming from all directions that everyone is already
Timothy Sackton: Verified. That's true.
ericrosenbaum: Also not totally clear on on why there's been no discussion of like canceling the religious festival is that important because, like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean it's like
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Nobody everybody is even more desperate for the religious festival because
Timothy Sackton: They want the got the actual real gods, you can actually protect them to actually protect
ericrosenbaum: That's the mindset.
Timothy Sackton: Another putting
Timothy Sackton: All their eggs of them G volley basket.
ericrosenbaum: Nkrumah I have a
ericrosenbaum: Question. I know it's
ericrosenbaum: Might seem less important at a time like this, but I'm wondering if you knew anything about the origin of the Book of runes them that I received
Timothy Sackton: Oh, interesting. I thought it was a blank book. It's a
Timothy Sackton: It's a book of rooms.
ericrosenbaum: There, Tim their rooms on the cover. Right.
Timothy Sackton: There is on the cover. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: It turned out to have some some some special properties that
Timothy Sackton: Interesting, interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I actually don't know who dropped off.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see anybody
Timothy Sackton: It was just left here with a no. See that this gets to the heroes of Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe somebody knew that you were interested
ericrosenbaum: Who would know.
Timothy Sackton: I wonder, too. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Certainly, you've met made a bit of a name for yourself in the past weeks that you've been here.
Timothy Sackton: We do have a lot of people in town for the festival
Timothy Sackton: Haven't seen that many dwarves, but maybe it wasn't a dwarf. I don't know.
ericrosenbaum: You don't have been have the note that was left with it to you.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, here he hands it to you. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he had given it to you already
ericrosenbaum: You have you. Okay.
ericrosenbaum: And as we all know, handwriting analysis and as an important part of
Geologic study
ericrosenbaum: Okay, I guess I'm not gonna find out much more and
ericrosenbaum: The other thing that occurred to me to do is is to go back over to the temple, which I guess is not far away.
Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: And
ericrosenbaum: About this oddity of the temple somehow being older than the mesa. And so I'm just going to
ericrosenbaum: Look around the edges, the seams. The
ericrosenbaum: intersection points between
ericrosenbaum: The, the worked stone in the room.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so
Timothy Sackton: Make
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation check
David Kong: Eric, this is also useful.
David Kong: As you try to figure out how best to fortify the temple.
ericrosenbaum: Good point.
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: So, so the temple is as belt of
Timothy Sackton: Largely like mud bricks and stuff that are
Timothy Sackton: You know, kind of
Timothy Sackton: And and it's sort of like what you have in your
Timothy Sackton: Screen your backdrop. Right. It's like bricks and then carved a little bit, um,
Timothy Sackton: And the so it seems like almost like there's, there's the stone. That's like right adjacent to the temple itself doesn't look so different than the
Timothy Sackton: Temple, but like as you sort of follow the edge of the cliff. Maybe 50 or 100 feet away, you start to see it's almost like
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like tree rings like as you go out the this stone seems
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's hard to say the stone seems newer. It's like this, this very strange pattern of weathering where the further you get away from the temple of the last whether the stones seems to be and the more you see like these clean, sharp lines and
Timothy Sackton: Like very like even find sandstone. That's like
Timothy Sackton: Very sharp and doesn't seem to be smooth down at all.
Timothy Sackton: Like almost perfect right angle corners like little steps going up and things and then it seems to vary a bit like it's not consistently this way as you sort of move
Timothy Sackton: As you move
Timothy Sackton: either to the left or the right from the main entrance. It doesn't seem like it's there's like a gradient away from the entrance and there's like these patches of the new what's new stone and then you'll get to a little weathered section. There's a patch of nice down
Timothy Sackton: never seen anything like this.
ericrosenbaum: Try to take some samples for study.
ericrosenbaum: The way at a respectful distance from the actual template itself.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Of course,
ericrosenbaum: I'm
ericrosenbaum: Trying to think of any other way that I might investigate
ericrosenbaum: Sort of all wrong basically like time has flown unevenly here or something new was inserted into something older
ericrosenbaum: Or something old was inserted into something newer
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Yeah, it's hard to say exactly what it's almost
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like there's patches of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the cliff face that are growing new stone.
Timothy Sackton: If that's even a thing.
ericrosenbaum: It's definitely not
ericrosenbaum: Wow, that's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: It is to be
ericrosenbaum: And does it. Wow.
ericrosenbaum: I have no idea what timescale, this would have happened over
Timothy Sackton: Now, but you know the temple is supposed to be.
Timothy Sackton: You know predates the Great War.
ericrosenbaum: So I have one non obvious conclusion from all of this that is very indirect
ericrosenbaum: I sit down next to this very strange wall at an intersection of the old and new areas and I take from my pack.
ericrosenbaum: The newly bound
ericrosenbaum: Legendary staff of Kenzo full of illustrations of different poses, of course of a few seconds, and I take it apart and binding it flipped through it like a flip book. You can see almost, almost like an animation of Kensal fighting, fighting
ericrosenbaum: Take it all apart. Lay them side by side and different arrangements.
ericrosenbaum: To think about time.
ericrosenbaum: Then they take out
ericrosenbaum: Some maps.
ericrosenbaum: And put them side by side.
ericrosenbaum: And then start to make small copies of them new ones imagining landscapes changing stack them up and run my finger through them like a flip book. And anyway, I'm imagining four dimensional maps.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happens.
ericrosenbaum: Oh no, I'm not trying to cause any magic to
Timothy Sackton: You're just sort of
Timothy Sackton: interrogating your mind to try to wrap your arms.
David Kong: Around that's developing a mental framework through which to analyze this phenomenon that you've
Timothy Sackton: Observed exactly
ericrosenbaum: Well, because I've been making these very detailed maps, but there static in time analyzing and need to actually like maybe make a new behind
ericrosenbaum: Right issue temporal
ericrosenbaum: Right as content.
Timothy Sackton: Comes out you wanted to talk to, Kendra answer.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to talk to him about or what do you want to ask him, he is. He is. He is headed back to the temple, but you can you like walk with him.
David Kong: Can dress as we head north
David Kong: Well, first I wish that more more time to spend here with you to learn more about the chatroom says, you know, this is my original purpose and coming but
David Kong: Maybe we will have some time later, but because you know the these these current events are are are perhaps going to get the best of us, but
David Kong: As we venture North
David Kong: Can you share more about about any of that the prevalence of any of the other gods or or shrines or temples or other
David Kong: You know manifestations of the occult that we should either be aware for aware of that may be there or may have even been contaminated or twisted in some way based on your understanding of these events. Is there anything that you you think you think we should know
Timothy Sackton: Sort of pause for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I don't
Timothy Sackton: Don't know of any
Timothy Sackton: Monasteries or temples or any sort of hidden secrets to the north. That was, you know, back in our I'm not an expert in our history, but from what I understand, much of the North was was a war zone for much of the history of Denmark and
Timothy Sackton: You know, I think many of the people who were lived over garrison that far north were
Timothy Sackton: Often if not always
Timothy Sackton: devotees of our gear.
Timothy Sackton: Gear is a
Timothy Sackton: He is a
Timothy Sackton: He is a necessarily God, but perhaps not the most pleasant of God's
Timothy Sackton: Fire and death are
Timothy Sackton: Are needed to have life and rebirth, the grasslands have to burn occasionally or new grass won't grow.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: That the god of destruction is not one to
Timothy Sackton: Pray to lightly.
David Kong: It's, it's all yours when it's like it's like a kid like he's one of the
David Kong: Yeah I don't know who that is.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yeah, he is. He is one of the like. So g volley Augie or one of the LIKE FIVE SIBLINGS in the in the Pentagon. Got it.
ericrosenbaum: And that's
ericrosenbaum: The God whose temple. We were in in the other in the
Timothy Sackton: That's exactly, that's the
Timothy Sackton: Same God has Temple was in the fort.
ericrosenbaum: You know, kind of makes sense. Like dominant religion afford is full of fighter warrior types.
ericrosenbaum: That's the one.
ericrosenbaum: That they choose to worship.
David Kong: And but
ericrosenbaum: I think we
David Kong: Can just. Are you saying that there there there are temples to gear in the north.
David Kong: Or shrines, to a gear in the north.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: That that far north has not been settled since the great more
Timothy Sackton: There's good grazing land up there. The land of
Timothy Sackton: The land is not as try there's more water but
Timothy Sackton: It's not been
Timothy Sackton: I don't know who I don't know. I don't know what's there.
Timothy Sackton: But I suspect that many of the people who who
Timothy Sackton: spent their lives.
Timothy Sackton: On the edge of civilization.
Timothy Sackton: Would have trusted to our gear to keep them safe and
Timothy Sackton: destroy their enemies.
David Kong: Do you know. Do you know much about the history of ravens hold any any story of its law or any size of its history.
Timothy Sackton: Not really. I don't
Timothy Sackton: It was a fort. I think it might have been
Timothy Sackton: A place where the dwarves traded or had some outpost.
Timothy Sackton: The, you know, the doors, who used to
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
David Kong: I just I you know I want to ask him questions he's
David Kong: Always like
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Like characterize the Jenkins any
Timothy Sackton: Rightly talks fast and is like very
Timothy Sackton: Interested like
David Kong: You know exonerated
Timothy Sackton: Upon a little bit
David Kong: So Dina, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So I don't. I guess I don't, I'm not sure I can help you much.
Timothy Sackton: I would say
Timothy Sackton: You know, my experience has been.
Timothy Sackton: Not of the history of our people, but the gods as they are now. And as we've discussed, that's been a trying experience in the past few months.
David Kong: Is there somebody in the town that can shed more light on the history of ravens hold for
David Kong: Us, I think, you know, it feels like it's it's certainly a source of of
David Kong: Some. I don't know if evil strong too strong a word, but something is not right there. And I think before me and my companions.
David Kong: Face whatever's there we best equip ourselves with which with as much knowledge as we can about the history
ericrosenbaum: And the
David Kong: Lord this place.
David Kong: Who, who might be able to
David Kong: Tell us more.
Timothy Sackton: So lashes. I mean, this is not what he's saying. But you remember
Timothy Sackton: A lashes sort of the one who everybody is totally fine. It's kind of the student of history around here and she's planning to talk to you briefly before she heads off.
Timothy Sackton: This afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: And so, Kendra says, yeah, I mean a lashes. Probably the one to talk to. I believe she wanted to say goodbye to you before she
Timothy Sackton: Wrote
Timothy Sackton: This evening, so perhaps I'll see you in
Timothy Sackton: OK.
David Kong: OK, I can just a thank you and you know we we we will we will still be here for for
David Kong: For a few days, obviously, preparing and helping to fortify the temple. But if you think of anything else that we should know
David Kong: As we prepare for our journey. Please, please don't hesitate to reach out and some other the just
David Kong: From our connection in our, our, our similar studies. If you, if there's something that if there's a training that you think I might benefit from as well as as we travel. Please. Please. Also let me know.
Timothy Sackton: Alright well travel safe.
David Kong: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: I'm wandering around town. By the way, shopping, I want to
Mike Sackton: Like I've been in town for a while. I
Mike Sackton: It feels like it's kind of everybody's packing. Like, I assume people have started to hear the word that
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So on the one hand, I feel like it's kind of a dealt with one to like check in with various people and make sure they're okay and like
Mike Sackton: getting organized to weave. And does anybody need anything. On the other hand, also if anybody. And I don't know. He has a high Chris might have a better way of
ericrosenbaum: Saying this than I can think of. But
Mike Sackton: If anybody has supplies or or
Mike Sackton: Weeds on things like healing potions or the red mud that the temple has or anything that would be useful to us.
Mike Sackton: That was sort of
Mike Sackton: Interested in sounding out, you know, is anybody
Mike Sackton: In town sort of
You know,
Mike Sackton: He would make it known in a sort of subtle way that hey, we're actually heading north to like try and see what's going on. You know, does anybody. Is there anybody who can help us right
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so. So as you're, as you're doing that. Yeah. So there's a I mean you
Timothy Sackton: There are definitely people who are so there's you know a few things that you encounter. So one is
Timothy Sackton: You know there's there's people in the market, there's, you know, as, as the news has spread to the people who are here for the festival
Timothy Sackton: And even some, some of the people in the town. There's a lot of people who just want coin to travel with right and they, you know, I would say that
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can
Timothy Sackton: Scare up whatever
Timothy Sackton: You know, two or three healing potions of healing and
Timothy Sackton: And one of whatever
Timothy Sackton: Uncommon potion you'd like
Timothy Sackton: But most people are selling them at a steep discount, but they're not just handing them away so
Timothy Sackton: I'd say like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: 20 years gold for the healing potions and 50 gold for the uncommon.
Mike Sackton: rata gold 75 gold.
Mike Sackton: That's some from your friends. Yes.
David Kong: It's true. I've got 160 goal. I hope I wrote down the right number. Oh, and I foolishly didn't take any goals.
David Schwartz: I'm happy to work, whatever you need for healing potions. Yeah, we're gonna give it if you need
David Kong: healing potion money dealt with.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, seriously.
ericrosenbaum: But I
Timothy Sackton: Can have a healing potion each if everybody just takes off 20 gold.
Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And then
ericrosenbaum: Read healing mud in my inventory
Timothy Sackton: Is our yeah that's
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we got better. Right.
Timothy Sackton: That's basically a healing potion, but it has to charge
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can use both of them or you can use just one of them at a time.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And each charge hills utility for plus to
David Kong: Read healing mud. Sweet. Alright, so now we're going to add or you add healing.
Timothy Sackton: So go to Manage equipment.
Go to
Timothy Sackton: Add items and just type in Pokemon of healing.
David Kong: Got it, okay.
ericrosenbaum: Great here superior or
Timothy Sackton: Just comment.
Mike Sackton: Just regular to break
Timothy Sackton: Take one take off 20 goals.
Timothy Sackton: And then
ericrosenbaum: Oh, push and healing. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and then take whatever uncommon potion you want for just just dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Right for the rest of your gold you have 65. Don't worry about the extra five
Timothy Sackton: On the topic of items so
Timothy Sackton: I assume you want to get your steal your metal chain from Josue
ericrosenbaum: See her. Oh, yeah, yeah. He said he was gonna have that ready by the festival
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so, so that he was gonna sell you for for gold, and then also
Timothy Sackton: I assume at some point you've returned all the
Timothy Sackton: All the
Timothy Sackton: Like religious artifacts that you would collect
David Schwartz: Yeah, oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: For to assume that, and she gives you a scroll of cure wounds at second level for all of that.
Timothy Sackton: So I guess it makes
Timothy Sackton: most sense for seeker to take that because
ericrosenbaum: It's a scroll
Timothy Sackton: Because that's the scroll and you can you normally cure wound design your class about. Let's see. You can catch us grow without you can cast it without having to like wall anything
ericrosenbaum: I'm not seeing that in the list if I search for cure wounds.
Timothy Sackton: So just, just add spell scroll and then just put a note here with level two.
Second Level circles.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and then just notate that it's cure it doesn't have a scroll for every single
ericrosenbaum: Show up
ericrosenbaum: There is no scroll
ericrosenbaum: Is this
David Kong: I just noticed
David Kong: Black iron staff.
David Kong: What is that is that
Timothy Sackton: That's a thing you've been carrying around
Timothy Sackton: And dad haga
David Kong: Shit. So I had that yesterday.
Magic
Timothy Sackton: Know,
David Kong: So it's just like
Magic
ericrosenbaum: I'm
ericrosenbaum: Going to add that the thrilling net which they are sad that
Timothy Sackton: Add I'm pretty sure I added an item called
Timothy Sackton: Chain that
ericrosenbaum: Oh, there it is. Thank you.
ericrosenbaum: Done.
ericrosenbaum: Tim. Can I get like
David Kong: a shitload more darts.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Start searching
Mike Sackton: Mean, is there anything just and
Mike Sackton: Is there anybody
Mike Sackton: I mean everybody sort of is the mood, like we're all happy girl sort of not happy to leave. But like, there's the plan is largely accepted.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, people are
Timothy Sackton: People are scared people are
Timothy Sackton: A lot of people are like,
ericrosenbaum: Really
Timothy Sackton: Nervous about the festival. Now, and like really putting their
Timothy Sackton: Faith in
Timothy Sackton: The volleyed so
Timothy Sackton: Even to figure out how to think about this like if
Timothy Sackton: G volley, if there's some sign of G.
Timothy Sackton: volleys protection for this, they'll be happy to flee.
Timothy Sackton: If there's not
Timothy Sackton: They don't
Timothy Sackton: quite know what to think. But they'll be sort
Timothy Sackton: Of terrified.
Timothy Sackton: So lots of people are now getting sort
Timothy Sackton: Of
Timothy Sackton: Very antsy about the
Timothy Sackton: Festival, because it seems like it's super important that you follow glasses this expedition.
David Kong: Tim. Sorry to turn a questions. Um, how do I learn
David Kong: How R amp D amp D, how do we learn how to
ericrosenbaum: Fight with the weapons.
David Kong: Did the train. Like, how do you train
ericrosenbaum: I mean,
You can't
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can, but you have to have downtime. Right. You can't train while your adventure.
David Kong: Okay, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Right. So if you have, if you have some weeks where you're just like, hanging
David Kong: Out. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you
ericrosenbaum: Know, I asked because like you know like
David Kong: If I want to learn how to, like, use a spear instead of a
David Kong: You know my quarter staff and it's like him some variation on that is different.
David Kong: Okay, but I'd upgrade.
ericrosenbaum: Later, fine.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean, realistically, though, as a
Monk.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively quickly.
ericrosenbaum: Your hands will be
ericrosenbaum: By far, your strongest weapon. Okay.
Understood.
David Kong: I also started with Kendra, so
ericrosenbaum: If you don't mind like
Timothy Sackton: You know, yeah.
David Kong: Just the black Irish that I just asked
David Kong: I've asked him like
David Kong: Is there any reason for like
David Kong: Do you want this or is there any significance to the staff.
Basically
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't recognize any significance, other than so
Timothy Sackton: I think the first time you showed it to him. You
ericrosenbaum: Discussed
Timothy Sackton: He could not read the writing and you
Timothy Sackton: Right.
All right.
Timothy Sackton: And you could read it and he said it was
ericrosenbaum: Which seemed quite
Odd
Timothy Sackton: Right, so he would be happy to keep it safe in the temple. If you don't
David Kong: I was just gonna say yeah yeah well like
David Kong: How, how
ericrosenbaum: How much do we care about like encumbrance and like
David Kong: Carry ship.
Timothy Sackton: If you I mean you have a horse. So
Timothy Sackton: Not really at all.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, within reason, right, like
Timothy Sackton: If you want to carry on food.
ericrosenbaum: Right.
No.
ericrosenbaum: It's pretty pretty
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's a downside.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, fine. I'll keep carrying it
David Kong: Can I
David Kong: Can I get 100 darts, Tim.
David Kong: Said 22 i'd like 19 darts.
ericrosenbaum: Is
David Kong: Is that a lot of darts. I have no idea.
ericrosenbaum: That's a lot of darts.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can get
Timothy Sackton: I'll say, you can have
David Kong: 4040
ericrosenbaum: All right. Just cara, cara, what have a Costco.
Timothy Sackton: Costco, a dark, dark cow.
ericrosenbaum: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, anything else you want to do.
ericrosenbaum: I'm like any others.
Shopping.
ericrosenbaum: I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that
Timothy Sackton: After all, this is
Timothy Sackton: Most of the after you go ahead
David Kong: Sorry, sorry if it rains.
David Kong: Do we have
David Kong: Gear for that.
David Kong: For getting like what
Timothy Sackton: You're like seasoned adventures. YOU DON'T WORRY ABOUT RIGHT, COME ON.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: You have like
David Schwartz: umbrella of dryness.
ericrosenbaum: Wait, wait.
Timothy Sackton: If you have 10 so I mean I could get
Timothy Sackton: But
ericrosenbaum: I have some bug spray, spray
David Schwartz: Remember the sunscreen.
David Kong: Like we're not gonna be we're gonna be
ericrosenbaum: We're gonna be traveling
David Kong: For like three weeks, probably
David Kong: And, you know, at some point, we're gonna be like Fuck. If only we had thought about that and actually gotten like, you know, we'll rewind the tape back to this moment and be
David Kong: Like fuck
David Kong: Only We Had gotten like x like
Timothy Sackton: I mean, like, it's
Timothy Sackton: Just, just that you don't spend like forever agonizing about it all your characters are like at this point moderately season adventures and especially secret Welby are have been
Timothy Sackton: Traveling for many months. Right. So if at some point you run into a case in the i'll give you like as a party like to, like, we would have thought of buying this
David Kong: Okay, okay.
David Kong: I guess I guess more when I'm writing about is is it's like we're at Raven hold and we're like, fuck. I wish we had a grappling hook or like, you know what I mean, but
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You just can't use it.
Timothy Sackton: All the time. Right.
ericrosenbaum: The one
ericrosenbaum: The one obvious exception. You guys, though, is the
ericrosenbaum: Travel
ericrosenbaum: telescoping lightning rod thing that we're going to commission
ericrosenbaum: Because, inevitably, we're going to go into that giant endless lightning storm and then like
ericrosenbaum: Lightning Storm. So we need to
David Kong: Have a little while. We just need it. No, we just need a lightning.
ericrosenbaum: Just attach it to the horse. I mean, you
Timothy Sackton: Have a black iron staff.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: There we go.
ericrosenbaum: No, you want it to be like 50 feet, you know,
David Schwartz: Well, it just needs to be tell us relative to us. So we melted vertically on the horse.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, that's
Timothy Sackton: Right well be inside, no matter what. As long as dealt with or Kansas caring staff.
ericrosenbaum: Horses are excellent. And as we all know, right.
David Schwartz: Others to have good posture as a defense mechanism.
David Kong: Right, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: That evening.
Timothy Sackton: Lash rides over to
Timothy Sackton: Say goodbye to you, she's traveling with two other done Mari one an older man grizzled Greg going gray hair. He who said they. This is a quick meeting because they're heading this they're leaving this evening before the festival because they want to
Timothy Sackton: They're going to try for a lot of ground.
Timothy Sackton: Heading south.
Timothy Sackton: And this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Just watching him right up at them, you almost think you're watching some mythical creature like a center right, it seems like one with this horse.
Timothy Sackton: And then another woman cloaked in hooded
Timothy Sackton: And kind of nondescript looking but with a longbow and to quivers of arrows.
Timothy Sackton: slung on her horse and alas sort of rides ahead of them and comes over to you and says,
Timothy Sackton: Friends.
Timothy Sackton: Were leaving tonight.
Timothy Sackton: And hope to cover 200 miles or more before you return
Timothy Sackton: Should we, should we make a plan for for when to meet or
Timothy Sackton: Or how long for when to return to care what to regroup before we leave. I don't know. We won't be able to communicate until we
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, back in the same place.
David Kong: We were discussing exactly this, this question. How long do you need for your travels south to cover these 200 miles.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: I doubt. I doubt having to ghost, you know, given that we're going to be trying stealthy and avoid enemies. We can travel more than 20 miles a day. So maybe
Timothy Sackton: 10 days to two weeks.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to be more precise than that because of the uncertainties of what will find
Timothy Sackton: You think, two weeks sounds reasonable.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how long do we think it is i sorry I forget how long Raven. Hope this
Timothy Sackton: So it depends on how fast you want to go it's between four and a half and 10 days depending on how hard you push yourself.
David Kong: And you know, I feel like
Timothy Sackton: I feel I return six, six to seven days that are normal pace.
David Kong: Yeah, it feels like we're going to need at least two weeks for our travel to rate, an old and to investigate anything that might have come up will require another another several days at least. So I would guess maybe three weeks time for us to complete our journey.
David Schwartz: And without give us timely if say we finished that Raven hole and wanted to check out the lightning storm before coming. So again,
David Schwartz: With that you time enough.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the lightning storms, not that far.
David Schwartz: From what I
Timothy Sackton: Told
David Kong: I mean, we show is that that the West.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: Back end but storm lightning.
Mike Sackton: I think we should play it on three weeks, but nobody but you know it's going to be three to four, you know, two and a half to three and a half weeks, basically.
Mike Sackton: 15 to 15 1617 to 20 something right, you know, expect us in three weeks and worry and four.
Timothy Sackton: So, okay.
David Kong: We should get we should think through this contingency though, you know, in the event that something happens to us or something happens to you and
David Kong: We need to. I think the most important thing we have to do is figure out how to send word
David Kong: There you know if if something terrible happens then, you know, hopefully when at least one of us can return back to care a while with with tidings of what we found. And similarly for you and your, your
David Kong: Your comrades here heading south, um,
David Kong: I don't know if there's any other anything we can think of that would be clever.
David Schwartz: Well, I wonder
David Schwartz: You know, we can learn the word here at the temple, but
David Kong: If
David Schwartz: You're gone. Is there someone you trust in Tokyo, or for that matter in
David Schwartz: Mrs Gandhi or some guard you know farther flung places that you would trust to leave work for us or for us to leave work for you.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, as much as he can be.
Timothy Sackton: Difficult an arrogance. Sometimes I trust have dar has the best interest of the Denmark at heart, always
Timothy Sackton: I suspect that his plan is to see the people safely to toker and then return here to protect Kendra's and the temple. So we could hopefully
Timothy Sackton: leave messages with him. And if the situation is bad enough
Timothy Sackton: He will be in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully with Kendra, if they had to play.
Timothy Sackton: And of course, Keith, and will be TOKEN WITH THE VILLAGE. So
Timothy Sackton: I would trust either of them as messengers, or as as people to leave messages with with my life.
David Kong: And how far south the are you traveling you're traveling south to the to the desert to us, Gandhi.
Timothy Sackton: I not as not as Gandhi. My hope is to travel past fast food as far south as the edge of the garden jalan desert east as far as seems safe north to the southern edge of the great gosh, and then back west to Caroline.
David Kong: You know, one thing that may be useful.
David Kong: If you when you pass through bass outta if you can leave, leave word about what you've seen and
David Kong: You know, if there's somebody there that you know in case we have to travel there and find and find word about you leave us the
Trust.
Timothy Sackton: If the rumors are true. I don't think there's anybody alive left ambassador.
David Kong: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I think obvious to you like gestures around to the sort of mailing crowds that are gathering. I think all these people are citizens ambassador who escaped.
The refugees.
ericrosenbaum: So,
David Kong: The only signs of life between
David Kong: Us and tollcross right here in Cairo now.
David Kong: Go Matt's been abandoned.
David Kong: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Of course, there's usually people traveling on the plains between here and toker but as the village moves through. I don't know how many will stay, I suspect.
Timothy Sackton: As word of what's happening here spreads that most Omari will move east more move west of the river Hora
Timothy Sackton: Only some scouts and other
Timothy Sackton: You know, slightly
Timothy Sackton: slightly crazy people like us will be left
David Kong: Okay. Well, it sounds like, then all we can do at this point is, do our best to meet back here in three weeks or so on.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: I guess one question for all of us is after we meet back here on Kendra's and the mystics are will stay
David Kong: We will learn what we learn hob dar will return here with some forces, because there may be other unknown evil coming headed this way.
David Kong: And then
David Kong: And then we'll have to make some decisions, I suppose. At that point, given what we know, based on what we know.
David Kong: And
David Kong: I suppose the only remaining question I had was, oh secret.
ericrosenbaum: Just to details curious if anybody knows anything already about what's that, that the tip of that southern edge of that gorge.
ericrosenbaum: You said you were going to be like
Timothy Sackton: Here.
ericrosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean people don't usually go east of the like into the blast and plane right so
Timothy Sackton: Although things are changing, right. But historically there was
Timothy Sackton: Like Kendra's has told you right there, the sort of Enchantments that ran sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like here. Let me see if I can
Timothy Sackton: Ran like you know like that and then like that and then like that, you know, sort of in a zigzag line.
Timothy Sackton: Stopping on the northern edge of the desert. But this desert is much harsher than what's around Cairo. So, so people don't think anybody travels to there and nobody really went east of that. So a lot of this is unknown people are scouting out there because it seems like this.
Timothy Sackton: This border has become fluid in a way that it hasn't in the past.
Timothy Sackton: I've said before she had never rode past though.
Timothy Sackton: You know, like the canyon right she never rode
Timothy Sackton: That far, yes.
David Kong: Well, what can you tell us a of ravens hold
David Kong: Any, anything you can tell us about its history, what we might expect the
Timothy Sackton: Ravens hold is quite interesting because it was not just a fortress.
Timothy Sackton: But it was a hold fast to place where the few people of the North. So I don't know if you know this about our, our People's History Kenzo but
Timothy Sackton: You know, before the great upheavals and before the Great War, the
Timothy Sackton: North was still
Timothy Sackton: Not so safe, right. So there was forts and
Timothy Sackton: Wars with hob goblins when I was with other stranger more deadly creatures.
Timothy Sackton: So place I'd love to visit. Sometimes I've heard. I've never been there. I've heard from travelers right so it's near the road it's near one of the trade routes disembark and so every now and then we'll get people usually around this time, actually, I wish that I hadn't been out
Timothy Sackton: Riding and scouting so much because the festival is always one of the best times to hear stories and more from travelers but sorry I'm what was your question. I'm getting distracted.
David Kong: By Braden told looking you tell us about right.
Timothy Sackton: So not only is it a defensive fortification
Timothy Sackton: But it was also a place where
Timothy Sackton: At least what people say is that. So there used to be.
Timothy Sackton: Doors that lived in those mountains as well. I think many of them have moved southwest to the Avanti mountains, because of course with the upheavals, the southern part of the central mountain range has become
Timothy Sackton: quite dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: And that was and ravens hole was not just a place to
Timothy Sackton: To defend on Mari, but also a place to train with dwarves and the story goes that there are ancient dwarves and roads that run hundreds of miles underneath the mountains and that doors would
Timothy Sackton: travel along these ancient roads south to this as one of the Southern most points of their kingdom and use that as a trading outpost.
To
Timothy Sackton: You know exchange grain for or and things like that with the Dunbar
ericrosenbaum: Do you know about this.
Timothy Sackton: Do what
ericrosenbaum: Did I know about that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this is quite far to the south of your homeland.
Timothy Sackton: You know that there used to be other dwarves and kingdoms.
Timothy Sackton: So like you're part of the sort of more northern doors, there, there definitely were like southern dwarves and they all left the mountains. So that central mountain chain that runs up the middle of the continent.
Timothy Sackton: Was at one point, filled with dwarves, but everything south of overage monastery basically flat. After all, the disaster and the people your people who live north of there.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of lost contact with the southern border.
Timothy Sackton: War.
Timothy Sackton: But you would have known. There was adorable. There used to be adorable Kingdom there and
Timothy Sackton: You probably. I mean, given your history proficiency, you would have known that they traded with the Mari the details about ravens hold wouldn't have been part of your study, but
ericrosenbaum: The
ericrosenbaum: Underground
Timothy Sackton: I live tracks on to Orban roads that go hundreds of miles underground. This is that unusual.
ericrosenbaum: But just that they're in this location. I didn't know
Timothy Sackton: That this location you you didn't realize
ericrosenbaum: Word.
Timothy Sackton: Alas, kind of looks at her companions and they think, and she says,
Timothy Sackton: You know that I could stay here talking history all evening but friends, we must go if we're to make any distance tonight before it gets dark.
Timothy Sackton: I wish you luck on your journey.
Timothy Sackton: Stay safe travel carefully and we'll meet back here. Hopefully in three weeks time
David Kong: Well travels
Timothy Sackton: She rides off.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you want to do before.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow,
Timothy Sackton: The festival
Mike Sackton: Know. Well, nothing.
David Kong: Secret seeker. What do you think about qualifications for the temple that you have you begun thinking of the best plan there and de
Baca
ericrosenbaum: I've surveyed a little bit, but I'll need himself to figure out what is actually possible. So for instance, my ability to shape the stone relies on it being a little bit loose.
ericrosenbaum: And then my ability to, like, actually, like, help the non magical fortification of it depends on
ericrosenbaum: My masonry skills, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say given
Timothy Sackton: Your
Timothy Sackton: Not just your
Timothy Sackton: The combination of your masonry skills and your
Timothy Sackton: You know your magical ability to shape earth and stone. You don't have a lot of time. You can't like build a whole nother wall or something like that. But I would say you'd be able to, you know, if you spend most of
Timothy Sackton: The afternoon. Most of the next day, sort of, up until the festival on this.
Timothy Sackton: You could make you know some pretty decent.
Timothy Sackton: You know, something like a you know a secondary wall, kind of in front of the of the temple and basically also just like spend a lot of time just like reinforcing doors and walls, basically, so that it much harder to break something down
Timothy Sackton: Temples in pretty good shape because not very much of it sticks out of the mesa. Right. And so if you can just fortify the part that
Timothy Sackton: that sticks out of the cliff wall like nobody can get in through the cliff. Right. It's
ericrosenbaum: There's no back entrance
Timothy Sackton: There's none that you're aware of that.
Timothy Sackton: Control system.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say
Timothy Sackton: If you, if you want to just make a
List.
Timothy Sackton: And say make us makeup and intelligence check on that.
Timothy Sackton: Which is twice your agency bonus because using the
Timothy Sackton: Using shape earthen stone.
Timothy Sackton: To aid you makes you much better at masonry.
So,
ericrosenbaum: I just, I'm gonna roll the intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence jack and then add. So a
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so use it takes you all say it takes the most of the next day and you'll come back to the end just to sort of clean up for an hour before the festival starts, but
Timothy Sackton: You feel pretty comfortable with the job that you've done and you think that
Timothy Sackton: You know this, you've definitely made a difference. Right. It's gonna be much harder to certainly like if somebody comes in and tries to us to break the main door down or something like that. It's going to be much more than
ericrosenbaum: One crucial thing is I've multiple times now use the trick of tripping up a monster by undercutting it. I'm going to make
Timothy Sackton: Some traps.
ericrosenbaum: Just more like a mode of drama.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, with the wall and other side of it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay so that perfect. Yeah, you can do that.
Timothy Sackton: That's easy with Mother Earth and stone, because the loose dark around the base of the temple is quite easy for you to
Timothy Sackton: It's quite easy for you to shake
ericrosenbaum: It also there's also this like make normal turning into difficult terrain. Right. The problem is
ericrosenbaum: People will need to be able to get in and out a little bit.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Wow. I mean, so you can do something like, you know, 32nd story windows, right, they can have a rope ladder and come in and out. Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that. So you can really fortify the the front door, such that it's really quite difficult.
Timothy Sackton: And past
ericrosenbaum: I've been thinking we had to do this after the festival, but it's the festivals with different gods and not this temple.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
ericrosenbaum: Right. It was mixed up before. OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Again, anything else. So fortifications, you sort of dealt with everything else you want to deal with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you are sort of get preparing yourself for the festival. So the first night of the festival is
Timothy Sackton: So there's like a there's like a ceremony at the first night. And then there's a fast and a procession. The next day, and then another ceremony and a feast. At the end of the festival
Timothy Sackton: But as you're back in the at at the crumbs caravanserai preparing
Timothy Sackton: To sort of go, I assume you're gonna attend the festival that's at least something
Timothy Sackton: You're here.
Timothy Sackton: Kate wet and her character is about to be introduced.
Timothy Sackton: To find
Timothy Sackton: Are you ready
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're sitting in the end, sort of getting ready for the festival you that Chrome comes over to you and says,
Timothy Sackton: Raven told her.
Timothy Sackton: I know it's maybe not what you were expecting, but
Timothy Sackton: Somebody came in this a traveler arrived this morning to town who said she's also heading to ravens hold and I said,
Timothy Sackton: Hey, you should talk to
Timothy Sackton: These folks.
Timothy Sackton: And as you
Timothy Sackton: And he says he's like waves over and as you're all sort of offsetting here or having your meal before the festival starts you see Kate you describe your character.
Work.
Kate Sackton: Red hair is created.
Kate Sackton: Rage wearing armor that's, you know, very devoted lead maintained.
Kate Sackton: Heavily armed with her may yield that's ready to
Kate Sackton: Maintain a journey of some distance and had determined to reach your destination.
Timothy Sackton: And you guys want to describe your characters briefly.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody's
Mike Sackton: Got left is a
Mike Sackton: He's wearing his not carrying any weapons. He's wearing a a suit of chain mail and sort of what
Mike Sackton: He's a has pale silver haired sort of a copper skin and golden eyes. Look, I guess, exotic more than anything else.
Mike Sackton: I mean elves are obviously quite unusual.
David Kong: And Kenza
David Kong: Kansas and human done Mari on dark hair very, very fit looking athletic, but also wearing just kind of loose travelers outfits.
David Kong: Like robe.
David Kong: Really is to staffs, kind of like clung connected back behind on this chair. We're actually going to satisfy my core sort of anyone's one one staff and
David Schwartz: Will be is a baffling in
David Schwartz: Started leather armor with a bow and quiver looking over his shoulder and a
David Schwartz: Wide brimmed hat, the sun out of his eyes.
David Schwartz: Close that clearly seen a lot of miles.
ericrosenbaum: Seeker is a dwarf with a large carefully braided red beard, which is either braided and extremely unfashionable style or from the distant distant northern Oregon people's
ericrosenbaum: He wears scholarly looking robes and appears a bit frazzled, and is currently attempting to
ericrosenbaum: Pick what looks like sin stone dust out of his eyebrows.
Timothy Sackton: crumb crumb is the innkeeper it says
Timothy Sackton: I guess I'll let you talk, but let me know if you need food or anything. And don't forget the festival
Timothy Sackton: She said ravens health and I knew somebody had mentioned that I thought, oh, I know who it was. I know just the people
ericrosenbaum: Thanks.
David Kong: Traveler, what brings you to ravens hold or why are you headed to read and soul.
Kate Sackton: So my name is Russ when and I live in
Kate Sackton: The Avanti mountains in the city of starting Twitter and I am on a quest for the benefit of my clan. I don't know what you've heard or what your connection is to ravens club, but we dwarves are aware that
Kate Sackton: There are some rumors that dervish artifacts are disappearing into the West and of course we don't approve and there are people there. There are words, who
Kate Sackton: manda a larger quest to sort of retrieval a massive, massive push of restoring thing that we had left behind in our exodus from the central mountains. When we move down to the
Kate Sackton: The artists and the bounty. And so we
Kate Sackton: Run, well Ron ambles have
Kate Sackton: Connection to ravens cold and one of our family artifacts, is there. And since it's so far to the east, it might be one of the last things connected or even forgotten entirely by the main dervish party. So my clan have sent me to recover.
Kate Sackton: artifact of our plan.
Kate Sackton: So I've heard that there is some troubling.
Kate Sackton: Violence and unsafe in this region. And so I thought, instead of just continuing my quest.
Kate Sackton: Solo to ravens hold it might be wise to seek some traveling companions.
ericrosenbaum: That is all very fascinating information.
ericrosenbaum: I'm seeker. I come from high keep up secret high keep way.
ericrosenbaum: Far, far to the north of years his
ericrosenbaum: Family's
ericrosenbaum: Holdings
ericrosenbaum: I've
ericrosenbaum: Come this way south on my own spiritual journey but fallen in with this band of interesting folks trying to do what we can to protect the peoples of this of this area.
Kate Sackton: Did you keep to the mountains on your journey south or
Kate Sackton: Like have you already been to ravens area.
ericrosenbaum: I have not been through their nor of the rest of us that, you know, none of us have been nearby.
ericrosenbaum: I'm very interested to learn more about these artifacts, but perhaps we can discuss along the way. I was
ericrosenbaum: Gifted just recently.
ericrosenbaum: A book, but I do not know who gave the gift or what the origin is of the book. Does that sound familiar
Kate Sackton: No.
ericrosenbaum: It is a book of rooms. The rooms of our people.
Kate Sackton: Rooms are very significant.
Kate Sackton: All of us, of course.
Kate Sackton: I only have particular knowledge of them have a few myself but
Kate Sackton: I can
Kate Sackton: Work with the treasure. It's impressive that something just landed your lap.
ericrosenbaum: It's, it's quite a beautiful artifact. I take it out.
ericrosenbaum: I don't open the book itself, but just to show off.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: Like the the cover itself is like almost made of stone like very finely polished granite, but this lake and it has in Torben ruins the title is the ruins of creation sort of carved in elaborate inlaid letters with like little traces of silver and stuff like that.
ericrosenbaum: I've already learned a great deal from the deep study of this book, which caused me to unfortunately miss a few of the XP graces, but it was worthwhile.
Kate Sackton: And I'm impressed. It looks, it looks very
Exciting.
ericrosenbaum: I hope to learn more about where it came from, but
ericrosenbaum: We'll see what we can find out
David Kong: It will be look at your messages.
Kate Sackton: When are you are you staying through the festival and then preparing for your journey or what what is your reason for going to
Kate Sackton: timeframe.
ericrosenbaum: Taking the music.
ericrosenbaum: We gotta leave after the festival
Mike Sackton: Is a
Mike Sackton: Very dangerous time to be traveling by yourself.
ericrosenbaum: Certainly the case.
Kate Sackton: I i've heard the rumors. Do you know anything about about it.
Kate Sackton: secondhand
David Schwartz: I do. I spoke with
David Schwartz: One of the caravans, it came down to the pastor Raven school
David Schwartz: Left the caravan to explore made it through the outer wall. But once he got through
David Schwartz: was attacked by something magically that
David Schwartz: Appears to have made him go completely insane and is raving desperate for rough flesh.
David Schwartz: That's what brings us there is to figure out what might have happened and fly. He said you were chanting to
David Kong: This one. And what else do you know about Raven hold. Do you know what what dangerous or other things we might find there.
Kate Sackton: Well as it is my Family's ancestral home, my great great uncle was able to sketch a bit of the map. So when I get there. I'm sure I'll be able to orient
Kate Sackton: Given my knowledge and
Kate Sackton: More vicious layouts.
Haven't
Resolved. Yeah.
David Kong: I like I like grab well be like as you're like, kind of like affectionately grab well be.
David Kong: This guy loves maps.
David Kong: loves them.
David Schwartz: On your maps. Is there a way in underground or there are other ways inside that aren't
David Schwartz: Walking through the
David Schwartz: Field.
David Schwartz: On Saturday, making vines.
Kate Sackton: Hmm, well, internally, making vines weren't on the map.
Kate Sackton: I may have to
Kate Sackton: Take a look from
Kate Sackton: Some perspective and sort of orient with the information that I have from years ago when when uncle paperclips there.
ericrosenbaum: Well, it sounds like we'd all benefit from traveling together.
Kate Sackton: I definitely don't want to brave.
Kate Sackton: Whatever piece have been plaguing the peoples of these areas, including maddening.
Kate Sackton: enchantments
David Kong: Result, if you don't mind me being a bit blunt, but
David Kong: You fight, can you
David Kong: Wear this, we don't know what we're gonna find there at all and
David Kong: You know, I think where our, our, our parties only recently really learned over the past couple of weeks, how to
David Kong: How to defend how to fight. How to kind of deal with unexpected danger.
David Kong: I say this, should I say this
David Kong: Place of
David Kong: You know great agreement that
David Kong: You know, traveling together would be wise but also we have a very urgent request and need to make sure that we're focused on that.
Kate Sackton: I can take care of myself, who perhaps some of you, too. I mean Warhammer comes naturally to the dwarf is anything else. And with the
Kate Sackton: The amount of time that I spent in the ocean to the Bahamas. So I've got some capabilities for spell casting that's
Kate Sackton: Helped me out when I'm in a battle situation.
Kate Sackton: So,
David Kong: We'll kind of smells, if you don't mind me asking
Kate Sackton: Line ones.
Kate Sackton: I, you know, I'd like to make sure that my that my armor is in you, with
Kate Sackton: Some spiritual protection or sometimes a weapon that I carry I
Kate Sackton: Make sure that I can
Kate Sackton: Bring down the powers of my gods in some of my blows or
Kate Sackton: Use other things, other powers got their secure, you know, I'm not all about violence, but I can
Never mind.
Timothy Sackton: As you're talking to notice that the end, I started to empty out and like it comes like sort of looking at you like, not quite, wanting to lock the door while you're talking. It's like
Timothy Sackton: Come on. You're gonna miss the festival, the biggest night of the year.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all
Timothy Sackton: To the festival
Timothy Sackton: There's a, a huge crowd gathered sort of out on the desert it's it's
Timothy Sackton: Probably essentially everybody who is in caraway either for either because they live there, or for the
Timothy Sackton: Here for the festival itself and you know people more than usual are
Timothy Sackton: Deep in prayer. They're sort of kneeling and and swaying and offering words of devotion to volley as
Timothy Sackton: You see traveling from the, from the tempo.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: priestess Summa dressed in in
Timothy Sackton: His like robes of green and gold.
Timothy Sackton: Comes out carrying. Well, I guess, walking in front of a number of
Timothy Sackton: Like pallbearers who are carrying on a on a large wooden
ericrosenbaum: Don't know what you call them.
Timothy Sackton: Polokwane type thing like a platform basically with poles on either side.
This
Timothy Sackton: Thing that looks kind of like a shrine. It's like a well it looks almost like a tree constructed out of like vines and pieces of wood and little pieces of the desert. It's like standing about eight feet tall. It's like this sort of trunk design with a with a
Timothy Sackton: Pattern spiraling up it to the top and then it explodes out into this crowd in this sort of vines twirl around, but it's all good. It's like brown dry wood.
Timothy Sackton: And she carries it out into the desert and everybody follows and forms of big circle around that.
Timothy Sackton: And Suma begins to tell the story of G Bali and sort of what the festival is about and she starts by talking about how G volley has always protected the Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And the, the story which Kenza, you would have heard, but the rest of you is new is that when the dunmurry first settled in this land. After the first great empire, the drink Korean empire have been wiped off the face of the of the
Timothy Sackton: World by
Timothy Sackton: This magical plague. It was a dry dad barren landscape.
Timothy Sackton: And the people who fled here from the south suffered and died from the drought and the hunger and fear.
Timothy Sackton: But you've already wept for her people crying tears that port from the heavens cleansing the land purifying the soil and creating rivers that flooded the see
Timothy Sackton: As she cried, though she put so much it for power and spirit into her tears that she began to fade away diminished and was gone.
Timothy Sackton: But the land sprung up in richness and life and the grass grew and their herds prospered. And for a year. The People prayed singing her name every day.
Timothy Sackton: Calling to her and begging for her to return that first harvest and the new land was an incredibly beautiful one the lambs and calves and falls were healthy and productive and survived.
Timothy Sackton: And as the winter rains fell gently on the land. The People prayed and chanted her name.
Timothy Sackton: And as the new life began to grow in the fertile soil. She volley herself appeared as this living tree with a spiral design growing up to the top. The power of the belief of the people summoning her back from the divine essence and restoring her form.
Timothy Sackton: And since then, the festival rebirth has marked this event, the founding of Donmar the grace of God volley and saving the people and the miracle of a restoration and as she comes to the end of this tale.
Timothy Sackton: The people chant and the sort of song goes to the crowds and she lights the shrine on fire and every year at the at the evening of this festival
Timothy Sackton: The people of Kerala burn this old trying and then in a procession in the new year, they are in the new day they bring pieces of the desert. They bring seeds and flowers and plants and
Timothy Sackton: Create them into this, try and shape again and then hopefully G Bali will bless it and it will grow and thrive.
Timothy Sackton: And of course, this year, there's this undercurrent of fear running through the crowd and worry
Timothy Sackton: Uncertainty as everybody here is contemplating leaving in the next day or two fleeing west into the fleeing from what is not entirely clear.
Timothy Sackton: But whatever it is, it seems horrifying.
Timothy Sackton: And as the shrine catches on fire.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of bursts.
Timothy Sackton: into flames. And as it's burning it doesn't just burn.
Timothy Sackton: Normal normally pieces of it kind of drift off almost like fireworks floating in all directions, but mostly west. And as these embers drift to the west sort of side goes through the crowd as Suma says she volley has blessed us
Timothy Sackton: She volley is going west and we will follow her.
Timothy Sackton: And then offers a prayer in her name and a song and
Timothy Sackton: In the morning, the day after the festival. We will gather and we will leave
Timothy Sackton: And the volume will be with us in this journey and keep us safe.
Timothy Sackton: And where that the fires burn down to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: The ashes cool and a gust of wind sort of swirls around the people and this ash just kind of blows around everywhere, and then
Timothy Sackton: disperses
Timothy Sackton: And with that.
Timothy Sackton: People kind of drift off.
Timothy Sackton: There's. Traditionally, people will fast until the feast at the after the new shrine is blessed in the in the mid day
Timothy Sackton: And as you rest and then get up in the morning for the for the procession people seem
Timothy Sackton: If not, cheerful at least more ready to face when it's coming resigned not
Timothy Sackton: Some resigned some fearful, but all with a sort of sense of determination and and relief that they can tell themselves. They're going with the Goddesses favor
Timothy Sackton: And as you watch the procession.
Timothy Sackton: So the first thing in the morning, basically, as there's a
Timothy Sackton: People have gathered all these like
Timothy Sackton: Pieces of the desert and pieces of flowers and plants and everything that that blooms and grows and there's a procession, where basically everybody in town slowly files past the temple and starts to collaboratively as a community rebuild this shrine.
Timothy Sackton: So this procession Ryan's through town singing the praises of G volley, and it's you know it's normally a like sort of almost a celebratory atmosphere people dress up in costumes and they dance and things like that, of course, it's more solemn this year but but still people seem
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Preparing right the procession wines through town town each participant placing a token or small offering the side of the bird trying desert flowers, a feather or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And as the day stretches into afternoon the crowd gathers in this chant begins as people call on G volley to
Timothy Sackton: to inhabit this new shrine.
Timothy Sackton: And you watch as it as
Timothy Sackton: You know, by some trick of the light or by the magic of the gods at
Timothy Sackton: These all these individual offerings begin to fuse together.
Timothy Sackton: And as this is happening.
Timothy Sackton: Here at the edge of the crowd a murmur starts sort of discarded note which quickly becomes a shout and then a series of screens.
Timothy Sackton: Against the late afternoon sun, you see a column of dust from the north rising towards the north, you know, the outskirts of the large camp, just north of town.
Timothy Sackton: People are starting to now run in from that direction.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: What we always do when people are running away from thing.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: As you charge in that direction. I'm
Timothy Sackton: You see, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of running towards town in the distance, you're sort of running past everybody who's
Timothy Sackton: Who is kind of screaming and and following him.
Timothy Sackton: And it's you haven't. It's just still, you know, in the distance. This this cloud of dust and you begin to see sort of emerging
Timothy Sackton: From the north of the town kind of almost exactly the same route cancer that you took your very first day and care. We're coming down this hill. But now sort of towards the west towards the outskirts of the camp.
Timothy Sackton: You see a group
Timothy Sackton: Of of creatures of
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. Where are you
Timothy Sackton: Learning from the south.
Timothy Sackton: A group of of creatures. I'm heading in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: Three of them are
Timothy Sackton: beasts that almost that look like
Timothy Sackton: Half
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Three of them are beasts that look like
Timothy Sackton: Almost like humanoid hyenas. They're snarling, you can hear this sort of yes and shouts
Timothy Sackton: As you as you come across this rise and sort of around the tents.
Timothy Sackton: There's, there seems to be like blood dripping from their faces, even at this distance carrying two swords that they're pulling out as they start to yell and snarl running in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: Behind them.
Timothy Sackton: Are
Timothy Sackton: Are three creatures that could best be described as
Timothy Sackton: Snarling running mouth.
Timothy Sackton: They are
David Kong: You say, snarly running mouse.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they are. They're
Timothy Sackton: They're basically yes they are enormous to the site like a mouth, the size of a
Timothy Sackton: Of a person
Timothy Sackton: Rows and rows of jag entities and three or four eyes, kind of clustered around that clause sticking off haphazardly in either direction. I'm running on four legs with like drool and spittle and little bits of blood flying behind their mouths as they also are sort of snarling and
Timothy Sackton: You're paying and sort of screaming in
Timothy Sackton: Hunger and madness running towards you and I need everybody to roll initiative.
ericrosenbaum: How bigger the mouth things
Timothy Sackton: About the size of a person.
Mike Sackton: How far, where are they on this.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let me let me put them on the map.
Mike Sackton: Also, as we're as we're running
Mike Sackton: You'll see as we're running north, you'll see
Mike Sackton: materializing out of nothingness a sword appears in Dallas.
ericrosenbaum: Think I rolled twice by accident.
Kate Sackton: Rolling and the rule 20 year that
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, go into d amp D beyond and do
Timothy Sackton: Click on initiative.
Kate Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I think that
Timothy Sackton: That did something
Timothy Sackton: Now I just need to get everybody on come up
Timothy Sackton: For some reason, that only
Timothy Sackton: Got dealt with on the turn order, but I'll just add
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, my map is jumping around.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, Kenzo is Kenza, where did you will eat.
David Kong: At a
Timothy Sackton: Restaurant is 19
Timothy Sackton: Now, what is a seeker. What did you roll.
ericrosenbaum: When
ericrosenbaum: You
Timothy Sackton: Look at
Timothy Sackton: 11
Now let me just
Timothy Sackton: Add these ones.
David Kong: You're all four times.
ericrosenbaum: Twice.
Timothy Sackton: Now some of our intelligence.
ericrosenbaum: And investigation.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Don't know why this is an outing, all I'm sorry about that slight technical issue here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's that one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then
Timothy Sackton: So they're running from this direction and then the like snarling mouth creatures are kind of coming through these tents.
Ladies,
Mike Sackton: Measure on this map.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: You know how
All
Timothy Sackton: circle with a little ruler in it.
Mike Sackton: Wait, so where the mouth, guys.
Timothy Sackton: I'm trying to get them set up.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I didn't set up. I didn't have time to set up the mapping and dance.
Timothy Sackton: There over there.
David Kong: How you to do is have swords.
ericrosenbaum: Swords yeah has upgraded. They now have the swords are ugly.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there, in fact, metallic
ericrosenbaum: Relevant
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is up first.
ericrosenbaum: Okay, um,
ericrosenbaum: I will
ericrosenbaum: I gotta measure my distance here to sleep has a range of 90 feet. So actually, I can cast it without moving. Is that true, let me check that again.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that's true.
ericrosenbaum: And so I'm going to cast the second level version of sleep think
Mike Sackton: Is
Mike Sackton: There's two
Timothy Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: did that wrong.
Mike Sackton: Is one of these things that
Timothy Sackton: I, you know, one of those is supposed to
Mike Sackton: Be
Mike Sackton: Okay, you just do the token throne.
Timothy Sackton: I just did the tokens wrong.
ericrosenbaum: They're all males guys and
Guys.
ericrosenbaum: This is a little bit meta game. But in terms of the levels of sleep thing. It really has to do with their amount of hit points. These things have and how many there are.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah so sleep in general is better on wounded foes. It's a good way to finish off.
Timothy Sackton: Rooted files because once you've reduced them to hit points a little bit you can you can wipe them out, it's a little less effective at
Timothy Sackton: Taking out
Timothy Sackton: Fully healthy people, because if you if you don't roll high enough.
ericrosenbaum: Nothing happens. So I get 738 total so
Any yes
ericrosenbaum: If whatever that is.
Timothy Sackton: The average of 78 is like
Timothy Sackton: 20 it's like 30 ish, something like that.
ericrosenbaum: And one of these each of the hyena guys probably has more than that or we don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You never fought like slobbering
Mike Sackton: Before so yeah
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know how many endpoints anyway.
ericrosenbaum: So I'm able to get like one of them.
Timothy Sackton: Might be able to get one of them. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: I'm gonna try it. So I cast my second level sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, it did it twice again by accident, why that happens.
Timothy Sackton: Just make sure it didn't mark off two slots.
ericrosenbaum: It didn't
Timothy Sackton: So i. So, roll, roll 78
ericrosenbaum: Just really
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I don't think there's an easy way. It doesn't seem to roll it for you. So
Timothy Sackton: Where are you targeting it
ericrosenbaum: Right at the center of the 300 guys
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as they're sort of running over this hell. So what are you doing, you're throwing your sleep.
ericrosenbaum: And a
ericrosenbaum: Glowing and beautifully soporific drawing appears in the air as I wake my fingers around in front of my body and then it
ericrosenbaum: Streams through the air directly at the end and creatures.
David Schwartz: Rushing to little weeping painless curled up in balls with disease.
ericrosenbaum: It's actually
ericrosenbaum: Going over a fence.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So as this as a certain sort of fly through the air. The lead creature. I'm just like keels over,
Timothy Sackton: And the other two are sort of snarled don't even really notice and it is doing here.
Timothy Sackton: Will use this one.
Timothy Sackton: Technically that's unconscious, but close enough.
Timothy Sackton: Nice. Um, so that one just like falls down just like faith plants in the in the sand like between one step and the next
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
ericrosenbaum: Oh,
ericrosenbaum: sections where I can move, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: THAT ONE OF THE THINGS OUT EVERY TURN and combat. You can do an action which is your main thing a bonus action research like a quick extra thing for things that are labeled as bonus action. So like inspiration as a bonus action some spells are a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Certain other classes get extra things they can do as a bonus action like Kensal can make a tax as a bonus action. So anything that says it's a bonus action you can do as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Who but
Timothy Sackton: Only if it says it's a bonus action. So on enroll 20 it'll say, like, if you go to actions. If you click on bonus action, it'll tell you everything you can do
ericrosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So you can do an action and a bonus action in move
ericrosenbaum: Gotcha. Um, who's to my left, there is that deal with
Mike Sackton: Our best our
ericrosenbaum: Um,
ericrosenbaum: I will
ericrosenbaum: Use a bardic inspiration slot.
ericrosenbaum: And I, I, we've again a glowing figure in the air with my fingertips. This time it is smaller.
ericrosenbaum: And it shoots out towards deal with and actually starts to orbit his head at a distance of a few fields and I I shout over to to deal with.
ericrosenbaum: Something that indicates this very rules based concept say
ericrosenbaum: Use use this friend use it to attack or defend
Timothy Sackton: Basically it's a few. So if you use it to attack, then you, you add it to an attack. Will you do an extra
Timothy Sackton: Half. What does that three
Timothy Sackton: Is it your charisma modifier.
ericrosenbaum: The ruin of destruction only after the creature roles that bardic inspiration die to add it to an attack role center based attack.
Timothy Sackton: So it is
Mike Sackton: Pro after you choose to use after
Timothy Sackton: That special
Timothy Sackton: extra bonus and
ericrosenbaum: Let's see, you get the original
Timothy Sackton: Part of inspiration. You got the original one, and this effect.
Timothy Sackton: So if you add the bardic inspiration to an attack.
Timothy Sackton: And every creature within five feet of you has to succeed on a constitution saving throw or
Timothy Sackton: Take thunder damage equal to whatever you roll.
Mike Sackton: By feet of me.
Timothy Sackton: Of you. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so when you use it to attack it explodes doing thunder damage basically
Mike Sackton: But not very useful if I'm shooting them from afar.
Timothy Sackton: Correct.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's a little bit unclear on that I might let
Mike Sackton: Each other creature within five feet of it. Doesn't that mean
Mike Sackton: Is it five feet of me, or five feet of the thing I attacked
Timothy Sackton: That I thought is unclear.
Mike Sackton: I think they probably it matters quite a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Right now all say it's
Timothy Sackton: The creature you attacked. But if that turns out to be I reserve the right to change that in the future.
Timothy Sackton: But for this battle will say it's the creature
Timothy Sackton: Then if you instead add it to a saving throw you gain temporary hit points equal to what was wrong plus three. And if you add it to a skill check you can do an ability check you can
Timothy Sackton: Roll twice.
But
Mike Sackton: Generally, you can decide whether you want to use it. But after you roll. But before you do
Timothy Sackton: After you go, Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so secret. Do you want to move
ericrosenbaum: Um, no.
ericrosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Listen, you're up.
Kate Sackton: What I'm going to do is
Kate Sackton: Writing bad
Kate Sackton: Guy.
Kate Sackton: Behind the money just fell asleep.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What is the range of getting
Kate Sackton: Up.
Timothy Sackton: Easily.
Timothy Sackton: So if you go to roll 20
Timothy Sackton: Click on
Mike Sackton: It rolled it see
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I didn't see it.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so
Timothy Sackton: Describe what you do.
Kate Sackton: A nice. He did some have mass effect.
Kate Sackton: Am going to move closer
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so where do you want to move
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Mostly word, but maybe a little bit. Laughs I'm getting
Timothy Sackton: You should be able to move your own token.
Kate Sackton: You can
Timothy Sackton: You can move five squares.
Mike Sackton: Okay too far out by yourself.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
ericrosenbaum: She's doing
Kate Sackton: Come back.
Kate Sackton: Use. Maybe I shouldn't count on it.
ericrosenbaum: He's
ericrosenbaum: He's the one with something glowing
ericrosenbaum: Or in a space to
Kate Sackton: Write
Timothy Sackton: Or you know you don't draw an arrow, click on the little arrow.
ericrosenbaum: To the. Yeah, you just have to switch to the cursor tool.
Mike Sackton: Click on the little mouse pointer. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There you go. Okay. So, Richmond that runs forward and this one is
David Kong: How do you guys see the distance thing again.
ericrosenbaum: It's
Mike Sackton: A little where
ericrosenbaum: It's like the fourth tool from the top.
Kate Sackton: I just kept measuring and so
David Kong: I see. Okay. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, as this.
Timothy Sackton: creature in the back.
Timothy Sackton: Looks around. It's just like snarling and it's going to go and this
Timothy Sackton: Is just gonna run into this like burst of
Timothy Sackton: It's just like goes into a flat brown and just charges.
Timothy Sackton: Getting too.
David Kong: Well,
Timothy Sackton: There and it's now standing right in front of down with just like draw it draws us to swords and it's just snarling
You
Mike Sackton: Ran all that way in one turn
ericrosenbaum: It's a high enough.
Timothy Sackton: To run
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not going to end up turn
Timothy Sackton: This thing now is going to run
Timothy Sackton: 456 and then it will dash 123456
Timothy Sackton: This one will do the same. So these creatures run towards you, what
Timothy Sackton: They are you can see as they're running towards either like scampering on four feet. There's just like
Timothy Sackton: Sort of. It's a flash kind of dripping off them as they run is they're running. They're just opening and closing these these like giant mouth.
Timothy Sackton: As they charge towards well be here up
David Schwartz: Tell me about the wall that's up the surface of this global like does that cover shoot over my head behind it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, over here, you mean
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that I would. That's, um,
Timothy Sackton: That's like a just a short, I would say it's about three feet, but for you. That would be like three quarters cover um
David Schwartz: Can I can shoot over it and can I hide behind
David Schwartz: You think
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, you can definitely hide behind it would be
Timothy Sackton: If you duck down, it would be completely outside yes you can shoot over it.
David Schwartz: Awesome. So I'm going to move
David Schwartz: There.
David Schwartz: Can't move there directly but 1234 there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could get
David Schwartz: My move and my
David Schwartz: Coming action.
David Schwartz: So all
David Schwartz: Right, and then I will
Timothy Sackton: Some bonus action dashes.
David Schwartz: Yep bonus action dash and then I will shoot the hangar. That is engaged here with an ally within five feet of it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Schwartz: So I run over astonishingly quickly for my small size cooling an arrow and document as I run and then
David Schwartz: Shooting
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Pretty sure, yes. That hits
Timothy Sackton: Though 14 damage pretty nice.
Timothy Sackton: So as your arrow strikes at it it snarls there's like blood coming out. It's a pretty solid hit and it just basically completely ignores that arrow. It's like, whatever.
Timothy Sackton: blood pouring out it doesn't seem to care Ken's out your up
David Kong: Alright, Kenzo
David Kong: Looks surprisingly serene.
David Kong: Given the madness that's starting to unfold and you see Kenzo just sort of kind of draw his cloak up over his head and he starts kind of engaging in some some practice routine and motions and Tim. This dude is, I guess, over here is exactly 30 feet away from me. So I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can get there.
David Kong: Yeah. Well, I'm not going to get there. I'm gonna I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: See
David Kong: Some new skills. Yeah.
David Kong: So, so it looks like I don't do anything here today. Just roll a strength. So now it
Timothy Sackton: Needs to roll a strength.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and what's your
Timothy Sackton: What's your DC
David Kong: My DC. What is it, DC.
Timothy Sackton: Attend say
Timothy Sackton: So it should be like an action that you can
David Kong: Either to be on 20 roll it wants me to do. But I'm thinking is to really anything right.
David Kong: It says the creature must make a strength.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 14 it's 13 it's your it's yeah it's okay so it, it just succeeds, but you still do have damage.
David Kong: Right. Okay. All right. Do I roll the damn ensure all
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you did it, you got it.
David Kong: Okay, so you see Kenzo
David Kong: Basically kind of
David Kong: You see, Kenza, kind of like, you know, going through like a series of like kind of motions and then you see him basically like tried to start gathering
David Kong: Like power like as he's like kind of bringing his hands together and generating motion.
David Kong: At first it looks just like a flurry of hands and moving quickly, but there's distinctly like a giant ball of energy that you're now seeing like kind of manifested by as he's kind of like
David Kong: You know, basically kind of harnessing his own she into like actual physical force and then with boom like one like punch like this. You see this this like manifestation of this ball of energy just shoot across and then slam into this this crazy face monster guy.
David Kong: And I guess delivers a glancing blow not not quite direct but but glancing both
David Kong: Wasn't quite though.
David Kong: Yeah, don't
Timothy Sackton: still hurt them quite a bad
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this, this one missed it turns on its gonna
David Kong: Do I get a bonus action towards that take up the actual
Timothy Sackton: Know you got a bonus action.
David Kong: Oh shit. I don't know if I want to do anything else. Oh, can I can I walk in attack or does that
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can you can walk
David Kong: You can always opens in
David Kong: In that case, I'm maybe I'm not what I want to do feel like maybe I'll help dealt with, or should I go over here by
Now,
David Kong: I'll put this to
Mike Sackton: Get kids.
Mike Sackton: Searches
Mike Sackton: Yes. When wrestling go help risk when I
David Kong: Don't go
Mike Sackton: Gets stand next to each i mean you should probably not let anybody get surrounded
David Kong: I'm gonna go over here.
David Kong: And
They probably have really
Mike Sackton: Well, maybe.
Mike Sackton: I would I would, I would just drop
David Kong: Down here.
David Kong: Okay, I'll go here and then I'll attack this dude.
Mike Sackton: You already attacked it in here.
Timothy Sackton: You already attacked you can just move
David Kong: Oh, that was I was asked you.
Timothy Sackton: Can
David Kong: Give you a bonus it
Timothy Sackton: You can, but you can only do Flurry of blows. If you make a tackle the martial arts weapon. You can't add it on top of here.
Timothy Sackton: System planner power.
David Kong: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Your actions.
Timothy Sackton: You only get your bonus action if you pick the attack action you can spend key to dodge or dash or just engage, but that would be your last key point because
David Kong: Instead of moving and can I have to cut I've shot a dark
Timothy Sackton: Know, because that would also be an attack right so your action. So all you bonus actions are only what's listed as a bonus action.
David Kong: Got it, got it. Okay. All right, then I'm done. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So down with your app.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with mutters something under his breath in a language. None of you speak.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: Points at the
Mike Sackton: At the hyena creature in front of him and then swings his sword.
Mike Sackton: This, this is a sore hit me he summons this sort of Mesa mostly made of shadow like it works. Um,
Mike Sackton: You know it works.
Mike Sackton: That's not a very good role.
Timothy Sackton: That myth is
David Kong: Sorry.
ericrosenbaum: Can you use the
Mike Sackton: Inspiration things. I wouldn't be worth it.
Mike Sackton: I'd have to roll was I
ericrosenbaum: Even if I wrote the three, then definitely more than 10
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably not worth it on that role.
Mike Sackton: That's wrong. The one I have a plus six i will the one that was a crab. Oh.
Mike Sackton: That's okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one is asleep.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to run
Timothy Sackton: They're charging in among the these like demons and it's just, it's like running on two legs and four legs as it runs, but as it approaches you it stands up and it draws these two short swords and that is going to end the round. So back to Seeker.
ericrosenbaum: Woman All right, let's see, what's the range of this thing.
ericrosenbaum: Choose a middle of June. So you can see
ericrosenbaum: I draw a glowing ruin in the air in the shape of flames and it streams into the sword in whichever is as far as I can tell, the dominant hand of the high in a creature near me and dealt with.
Mike Sackton: A 10 that hyena by his disadvantage on Decks not saves but Dax.
Timothy Sackton: Ability checks. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So like acrobatics.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: I need to
Timothy Sackton: Check with that so
Timothy Sackton: He metal
Timothy Sackton: If it's holding a metal object. It takes the damage automatically
ericrosenbaum: Looks like it who choose manufactured middle of God into the range you cause the object to glow red hot any creature and physical contact with the object takes to the fire damage damage.
And that
Timothy Sackton: Constitutes let him throw and drop it. What's the
David Kong: What's the range of this attack or
ericrosenbaum: 60 feet.
David Kong: You may want to do it against because I think Kate and I are about to get fucked up by like four dudes over here.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, but this one is also like 10 feet away from me in my face. So I'm just as worried about
ericrosenbaum: Me.
So,
Timothy Sackton: As you as you cast the spell this
Timothy Sackton: One of the two swords, just like that. It's holding just starts to glow almost like starting to melt in his hand and you care. This like sizzling sound as it doesn't it it's brain can't conceptualize the idea that it should drop its weapon.
Timothy Sackton: And it just screams as it it's like hand catches on fire, and then the fire starts to spread down to the rest of its body and it collapses on the ground, Dad.
Timothy Sackton: As it sore just kind of falls out of its hand still glowing red hot on the ground.
And
Mike Sackton: Did we hit hurt this guy ready
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, right. You guys with that sneak attack.
Timothy Sackton: Sneak attack arrow.
ericrosenbaum: Sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else on your turn.
ericrosenbaum: Oh yeah, um,
ericrosenbaum: I
ericrosenbaum: Make a swirling pattern of renewed magic in the air. That floats up and over. Everybody's heads in order to create
ericrosenbaum: Just like I want to try to use folders to
ericrosenbaum: Make well that's you.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't eat metal. So you can't do another spell.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, that's not
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
ericrosenbaum: It's not a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Rest next
So,
ericrosenbaum: I'm just thinking about whether I'm going to move
ericrosenbaum: Or run
ericrosenbaum: This way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You should stay. You shouldn't run towards the monsters.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess you can if you want
ericrosenbaum: Who says I'm running towards the monsters. I'm running towards the
Timothy Sackton: filters through his running towards this. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: Sometime
Timothy Sackton: Okay, rest when you're up.
Kate Sackton: All right, well,
Kate Sackton: I'm out my
Kate Sackton: Warhammer. There's going to be taught me how to do this in order on 20 but there's two pieces, making involved.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Click on click on cast a spell first
Kate Sackton: To kind of style.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm your spouse like scroll down to the
Timothy Sackton: Spell and that you want to cast and quick pass
Timothy Sackton: And then make your tackle because that's a bonus action.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And for you. You're attacking
Attacking
Kate Sackton: The
Kate Sackton: As either the mouse.
Kate Sackton: Monster in your name or the hiring and you meet them first.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Go after the mouth monster them.
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, as you strike this creature with your Warhammer you see response Warhammer just like burst into
Timothy Sackton: burst into flame as she brings it down on this thing's had
Timothy Sackton: Well, now if it doesn't really ever had.
Timothy Sackton: And as you do that it itself. This creature catches on fire from the blow of your Warhammer. And it's not just sort of like slightly sizzling as it turns to like snarl at you, little bits of flame mixing with the blood and saliva that's dropping out of its mouth.
Timothy Sackton: And okay so this one now is going to
Timothy Sackton: Try to bite at Dartmouth and as it lunges for you just slightly shift to the left, and it
Mike Sackton: Being Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo sorry not got with and it gets a face full of sand.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this one is to make a. Is it a constitution saving throw a constitution saving throw
Timothy Sackton: And it, it does make the same. So the fire is out and it will now.
Timothy Sackton: Lunge at you rest when
Timothy Sackton: But with your shield and armor, it can get no purchase.
Timothy Sackton: On you at all.
Timothy Sackton: This one, let's see, is going to run again running toward us.
David Kong: Dealt with ever again.
David Kong: Run, run over there. He says,
Timothy Sackton: To hit you, its teeth ripping through your flash as you catch the sort of
Timothy Sackton: Wave of the sort of
gurgling
Timothy Sackton: Almost guttural laughter as it rips into you. For 10 points of damage.
Damn.
Timothy Sackton: Robbie, you're up.
All right.
David Schwartz: Move.
David Schwartz: I'm going to hide.
David Schwartz: I think I should have advantage in that role because I'm like 10 feet in the air behind the wall.
Timothy Sackton: That just means that you trapped on a panel.
David Schwartz: Fair enough noise.
David Schwartz: Okay, and then I'm going to
David Schwartz: Ask you, who, who's the wounded one among the one of these just got
Timothy Sackton: In front of wrestling got set on fire and the one in front of Kenzo got smacked with the
Timothy Sackton: Right horse best
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, this line here is not, let's do this.
David Schwartz: Yeah, so I'll do not want
David Schwartz: Did one product comes. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Does not have
Timothy Sackton: Your up
Mike Sackton: Alright, so I will first of all, use a bonus action to move the
Mike Sackton: The hacks to
This guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So same thing disadvantage on
Timothy Sackton: Tax
Mike Sackton: Tax, then you'll see a green
Mike Sackton: light green flames spiral along with Wade and he swings at
Mike Sackton: The guy in front of him.
Nice, nice.
Mike Sackton: So let me roll. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: So plus sex the chronic damage so 12 total damage on the hyena.
Mike Sackton: From the hacks and three and the flames leap from as door swings at the hyena the flames leap over to the mall and it takes three days.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That ends. Your turn.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you as you swing down in the flames leap over to it it again. It was on fire, and it really doesn't seem to be bothered at all by the flames and it just turns one it and you see this sort of
Timothy Sackton: Slow blank and then sort of got her all
Timothy Sackton: Roar mutter, maybe. LAUGH
Timothy Sackton: penza Europe.
David Kong: All right, Kansas. Now, like
David Kong: Very badly wounded.
David Kong: gashed across his chest and his you know his robe is torn up and you know spewing what everywhere.
David Kong: And
David Kong: But still, you know, pulls out his staff.
David Kong: Swings it towards the previously wounded mouth creature, dude.
David Kong: And see what happens.
David Kong: Man, it is not my day.
David Kong: This is
David Kong: Guessing this badly. But then attempts to continue
David Kong: And attack.
David Kong: With his bare hands and
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. Mrs.
David Kong: Normally, I'm on fire.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, normally
David Kong: Only ever
ericrosenbaum: Brutal
Timothy Sackton: Okay. That ends, Kansas. Turn this one's asleep.
Timothy Sackton: This one is gonna just turn and take it's like snarling looking around at these three creatures in front of that and
Timothy Sackton: Turn to doubt with who just
Timothy Sackton: Struck it with a sword and is going to
Timothy Sackton: Swing both of it swords in quick succession slash slash
Timothy Sackton: What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 17 well it's up which
Timothy Sackton: Is off your armor or shield and then it's going to lunch for space for your face with its mouth. I'm trying to, like, just get some flesh somewhere but you managed to just kind of duck aside out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And as you are now.
Timothy Sackton: Wandering
Timothy Sackton: Into the battlefield from the
Timothy Sackton: Back from the camp. Although almost everybody else was running in terror. The other way.
Timothy Sackton: You see a hassling sort of walking as if in a daze
Timothy Sackton: Stumbling towards
Timothy Sackton: dragging behind him like, you know, a rope that's been broken and clothing tattered. This is Ender
Timothy Sackton: Seeker Europe.
ericrosenbaum: surprising to see him there. That is strange, and I will
Help
ericrosenbaum: You guys need help. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: But also, you're getting attacked by these giant mouth creatures, and I want to get near those things Jesus
ericrosenbaum: I, I am going to
ericrosenbaum: And I could like try to run up really close and thunder wave
ericrosenbaum: But no, I'm gonna actually, can I get up the stairs to where will be is from where I am. Let's see, I have
ericrosenbaum: 25
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you could get to the end. He's up the stairs, you cannot get up the stairs.
You have any healing.
ericrosenbaum: I do. Yeah. Who needs the healing.
David Kong: And just like
Mike Sackton: You're
David Kong: Like I gotta get the zoo.
David Kong: I can only have 10 points left
ericrosenbaum: Okay, um,
ericrosenbaum: I will
ericrosenbaum: Draw a healing design in the air.
ericrosenbaum: Pattern in the shape of a potion.
ericrosenbaum: Cool.
ericrosenbaum: And then it floats over and explodes over Kansas head. Let's try that.
ericrosenbaum: Healing word
ericrosenbaum: So that's all
Timothy Sackton: I can say you can do I can trap as well. So you got seven back cancer.
David Kong: That's better. Thank you.
ericrosenbaum: And I can raise my little drone, I guess, or can I
ericrosenbaum: Don't know. I recently self.
ericrosenbaum: When we got
Mike Sackton: Up secret vanished into the miss
ericrosenbaum: Thank you. Okay.
ericrosenbaum: Well, I'm having trouble navigating this thing a little bit. Okay. And
ericrosenbaum: I am going to
ericrosenbaum: Oh, can I, oh, right. I can't use my shoulders as a bonus action you're saying
Timothy Sackton: Now, now, you sound healing word is a bonus action.
ericrosenbaum: So okay, so I can do.
ericrosenbaum: As
ericrosenbaum: A spectral shovel drawing next flies out of my fingertips and
ericrosenbaum: Can I make the difficult rough terrain thing happened underneath somebody
Timothy Sackton: Yeah so difficult terrain just means that cost twice as much movement to move through it so
Timothy Sackton: To thrive instead of five feet of movement across 10 feet of movement.
ericrosenbaum: Everybody's also clustered together. I don't know if I can help you. Listen, I'm older things shift.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could try what you did once before and excavate the ground underneath somebody to see if you can trip.
ericrosenbaum: Yes, I'm
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: disadvantage of Texas on Decks roles.
Timothy Sackton: Know DAX checks not saying it's
Mike Sackton: True, but is that a checker a safe.
Timothy Sackton: It's a safe.
ericrosenbaum: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: And I would say the just the, the, the, like hyena creature is a humanoid at standing on two legs at the moment the
Timothy Sackton: Mouth creatures have like four to maybe six legs.
He
Timothy Sackton: can't really tell it sort of shifting underneath them. But they seem much more stable than
ericrosenbaum: Me.
ericrosenbaum: The high end is more triple. Okay, so I will pull the using my spectral shovel.
ericrosenbaum: Pulls the ground out from underneath the hyena standing in front of dealt with and pilot up to the hyenas left
Timothy Sackton: I'm so as you do that, he that this creature
Timothy Sackton: Sort of senses the ground shifting
Timothy Sackton: And just quickly jumps and then
Timothy Sackton: Lands again in the bottom of this pet sort of facing down with legs. Ready to like
Timothy Sackton: Slice him and pull him down in with them.
ericrosenbaum: Oh geez. And I can also move right so I can go. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You can get to. There are, I guess they're yeah they're
ericrosenbaum: Nice. OK.
Timothy Sackton: Ok risk when you're up.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, we're in the chat in zoom
Kate Sackton: Anyway, I know that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you're
ericrosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: So I'm going to
Kate Sackton: Buy
Kate Sackton: A firm stance in my work at the one that I did before, but this time just
Hi.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
Kate Sackton: Battle
Kate Sackton: But despite that I am then going to ground myself and sort of better as I seek a deeper connection tonight.
And
Kate Sackton: Cast Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: Shape of
Kate Sackton: Blaming Warhammer. You know, a nice
Kate Sackton: dervish symbol of might, that's going to appear.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: How do I place.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I got it. I have a bad image just tell me where you want it to go. I let me just pull it up.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, put it right
Kate Sackton: In between
Kate Sackton: Right in the fray here next to that is that
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Between the monsters near your
Timothy Sackton: Race. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who are you attacking with that.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
Kate Sackton: I didn't mean
Timothy Sackton: What
I did.
Timothy Sackton: So it was
Timothy Sackton: Our roles.
Timothy Sackton: Job.
Kate Sackton: Okay. All right.
Kate Sackton: 13 Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay, this one now is going to again.
David Kong: It's not beating me
What
Timothy Sackton: Legit Kenzo. What's your AC.
David Kong: Whatever is higher than your role.
David Kong: 16
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it just manages to catch you as you try and dodge out of the way.
Man.
Timothy Sackton: Doing
Timothy Sackton: 14 points and piercing
ericrosenbaum: Damage you
David Kong: Know what the fuck
ericrosenbaum: I ain't nothing has a lot of teeth so
Has a lot in town, man.
Mike Sackton: That's not great.
David Kong: I'm never listening to dealt with ever again.
David Kong: Heard Mike ever again.
David Kong: And go running be close to the
Mike Sackton: God, I just didn't want to die.
Timothy Sackton: Swing it
Timothy Sackton: Attempt to bite.
Timothy Sackton: Restraint and again with her.
Timothy Sackton: Armor
Timothy Sackton: The teeth just cannot get a purchase on this.
Timothy Sackton: suit of armor and again bounces off.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to attack.
Mike Sackton: Which will
Timothy Sackton: Not go. That's right.
It's gonna say
Timothy Sackton: shuttering me
David Kong: Yeah. What if I had zero. What if I, what if I get to zero points. What happens to me.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You're unconscious and you have to start rolling
Down.
David Kong: All right.
Timothy Sackton: As you regain your footing and dodge out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: Just sort of ducking under the bite of its slobbering mouse.
Timothy Sackton: Club.
David Schwartz: Right to move up to the next level up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that's
Timothy Sackton: There's no stairs up at this at this level. It's about a 10 foot wall.
Timothy Sackton: So there's stairs this roof level is only there's like a door into the house.
David Schwartz: Oh, no.
David Schwartz: All right, so
David Schwartz: I'm going to attempt to hide.
Okay.
David Schwartz: And then I'm going to attack from I assume that the successful. Yes.
David Schwartz: Which which of the two monsters introducing the top
Timothy Sackton: Top most of
Timothy Sackton: This one here on the left on the bottom left is not injured both of the other two are
David Schwartz: All right, I'll take the one on the top left.
David Schwartz: This one, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you have advantage. So you get 15 which hits
David Kong: It God
Timothy Sackton: 11 points image. So your arrow stabs into it. And this like spurt of of like black comes shooting out of it. And it seems extremely badly wounded, but not quite dead.
David Kong: That's splashes on me to for some damage.
David Kong: Alright, Kenzo is like is like badly fucking wounded. It's like his robe is now just like kind of in tatters blood
David Kong: gushing out like you'd like blood gushing out of him from before, and then
David Kong: You know seeker had like kind of heal them. So it's sort of like, you know, kind of got a little bit better and then got gashed again. So he's just like his robe is just all fucked up blood squirting spurting everywhere.
David Kong: And he's kind of like getting a little delirious, but still trying to do what he can to defend himself and swings this quarter staff at the wounded one
Mike Sackton: Can you take dodge as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: You should do that.
David Kong: What is dodge do
All your
Timothy Sackton: Advantage.
ericrosenbaum: Good.
Job.
Timothy Sackton: You have to spend your last key to do it, but you can attack and then dodge as a bonus action. All right.
David Kong: I'll do that. So let me attack.
Kate Sackton: What
Do you
David Kong: Think finally
Timothy Sackton: And as you, you basically just like smack down with your quarter staff right in the
Timothy Sackton: The wound where Kenzo had headed with the arrow and this like
Timothy Sackton: Thing just kind of falls apart. It's you smack it almost as if it, it starts to like melt into the ground a little bit and this is hissing sound says almost sizzling sound as its blood hits the ground or whatever, it passes for blood and his body is now still emotionless
David Kong: I'm for dodge. Do I move or is it just like an action bonus action I takes to that now there's disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: It's a bonus action you take and now there's a disadvantage until the start of your next turn all attacks against you.
David Kong: Got it, but I can't. I cannot move
Timothy Sackton: You can move if you want, but both. Both of these next you would get opportunity attacks.
Mike Sackton: With guys
David Kong: I see. Okay. All right. Then I will. I'll use my last heated to dodge. Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: I'll do the same thing I did last time. The green flame.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Goes along my blade.
Timothy Sackton: You that that's a good goal that
Mike Sackton: And well done. Also hacks 13 damage on the knife hacks.
Timothy Sackton: So as you swing your sword.
Timothy Sackton: You connect piercing through its armor and then this like the sort itself is made of this black shadow energy and the shadow energy of the sort of almost seems to wrap around this creature and just slowly crush it as it falls to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Unable to break and dad.
Mike Sackton: So the mall also takes three damage fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I will use a bonus action to move the hacks on to the mock
Mike Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Damage in front of you.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This one's asleep.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker, you're up.
ericrosenbaum: I am
Timothy Sackton: Oh. Sorry. Wait, before your turn.
Timothy Sackton: So,
ericrosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And our is now you know still sort of lurching towards you. I'm looking around.
Timothy Sackton: At these creatures and seems to be heading straight for these giant mounds and well be, let's see, are you
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Well, but you start to hear in your mind. This is sort of almost
Timothy Sackton: Chant
Timothy Sackton: The master, the master is here, the master will consume me the master will release me
Timothy Sackton: The master is here to eat me.
ericrosenbaum: So I'm going to
ericrosenbaum: run up the stairs. Notice will be alarm staring at this Heflin guy and
ericrosenbaum: Just point over and it's in her direction and and tear up the earth in front of it. I'm going to do this time we'll do the difficult terrain thing in front of him.
Timothy Sackton: In front of Ender
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, so like they're like
They're okay
ericrosenbaum: With my right hand with my left, I'll just scoop some more healing to its Kenzo
Her guy.
David Kong: Thank you seeker, geez.
Timothy Sackton: Or more
Timothy Sackton: And return okay wrestling, you're out.
Kate Sackton: Great and
Timothy Sackton: So you can move the Spiritual Weapon up to 20 as part of the bonus
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I know, but it's still within five feet of the completely
Timothy Sackton: Out of this
Timothy Sackton: Of this yes mouth creature
Kate Sackton: Creature, so I figured doesn't make sense.
David Kong: Mouth creature needs a root canal.
Kate Sackton: So for my for my
Kate Sackton: Action. I'm going to
Kate Sackton: Letter letter to myself and firmly ground myself in my
Kate Sackton: dental practice and reach out towards that really Bruce ma thing my armored on words that first thing and and touch it and get some words that
Timothy Sackton: Happens. I don't think that's what you meant to do.
Kate Sackton: Did I not. Did I just, I didn't mean to do that.
Kate Sackton: And I
Timothy Sackton: Don't want
Timothy Sackton: To do.
David Kong: Nice.
David Kong: Hell yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's, that's a good wall.
ericrosenbaum: That's huge.
Timothy Sackton: As you reach out
This
Timothy Sackton: Sort of energy collects around your hands and as you touch the creature and just goes flying backwards and it almost explodes, as it bursts into about 40 pieces of like little bits of flash
Timothy Sackton: Falling down sizzling as it hits the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And you still have your bonus action.
For
Kate Sackton: Spiritual Weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Just wallet just well just do, like so.
Timothy Sackton: What does that plus five. I think the type that
Timothy Sackton: To roll the attack for Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: Oh,
Mike Sackton: Whoops.
Mike Sackton: You can just type spell attack on your
Mike Sackton: character sheet like I just did.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah, that's right, that's even better. So see on your character sheets. There's that at the top.
Mike Sackton: Of your spouse. And then there's a little thing that says no attack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so just click that.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't realize that with spell attack that's useful.
Kate Sackton: We're smell. Oh yes, there
Timothy Sackton: Also have
David Kong: No. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I will one day.
Timothy Sackton: Plus three
Kate Sackton: Is there a way to do that on the computer. Should I do that with a physical days.
Timothy Sackton: No. Yeah. So type slash role. And then one day eight
ericrosenbaum: Plus three
Mike Sackton: You could probably do it from this. Now, if you just click on Spiritual Weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's true. There's a if you click on Spiritual Weapon. There's a little
There's little
Timothy Sackton: Like
Kate Sackton: Wendy eight plus three.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Is beyond next to the
Timothy Sackton: South five
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one takes five damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And that, do you want to move at all.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Kate Sackton: I'll get. Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: So we have this thing and something's
Kate Sackton: Wrong.
Mike Sackton: With the little mouse icon, rather than the other. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You got it. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this thing is going to
David Kong: Like be like me to fight me
Timothy Sackton: That's going to launch it, you
Timothy Sackton: Rather 19 and
Mike Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: But it's not a crap.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're dodging
Timothy Sackton: So it gets his
Teeth in you.
Timothy Sackton: Do for 12 points and piercing
David Kong: I zero. Holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: And as you fall to the ground at then like causes your body and turns to rest when
Timothy Sackton: And just like snarling and in rage.
Timothy Sackton: Lunges at her.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll be your up
All right.
David Schwartz: Hi.
David Schwartz: I will try it.
David Schwartz: Seeing Kenzo
David Schwartz: Go down
Timothy Sackton: Distracted by Kenzo falling to the ground so Kenzo fall 20
Oh, no.
David Kong: So that, oh, I think just appeared in my thing that says that saves there's
Timothy Sackton: No, yeah, no. Yeah.
David Kong: What does that mean,
How
Timothy Sackton: Many times before you die, but that's not that's not good.
David Kong: That really
Timothy Sackton: Won't know you don't want again until your next turn.
David Kong: What, what am I trying to roll. Sorry, what's what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: I'm a tanner a box.
Mike Sackton: So I'll move up in and guard dealt with. I mean, stand over Kansas body. So the law doesn't you know further
Mike Sackton: Trial.
Mike Sackton: And then I will
Mike Sackton: I'll use a bonus action to move the hacks on to the mock
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack.
That helps
Timothy Sackton: How much does the hacks to
Mike Sackton: To do a webinar total
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This guy is still asleep. Fortunately,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, and are now runs stumbling over this difficult terrain, a little bit and you can only get one.
Timothy Sackton: And only get to there and he's sort of now you can see he's kind of reaching out towards this creature and looking
Timothy Sackton: Slightly horrified around what's happening.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, rest when you're up.
Kate Sackton: All right, I'm going to
Kate Sackton: Cast care rooms.
David Kong: My god.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as our friend standing over Kansas unconscious body.
Timothy Sackton: You reach down at his legs and this like
Timothy Sackton: Sort of divine energy flows out of you and Kensal you feel like almost all of your wounds start to close this energy pour back into you.
Timothy Sackton: For a moment, you have this like brief flash of
Timothy Sackton: Your fish running through your head and then it fades and you kind of wake up lying on the ground, no longer unconscious with 15 hit points.
Whoa.
David Kong: Wrestling has saved my life.
Huge
Timothy Sackton: bonus action. Hey,
I'm
Kate Sackton: Grateful weapon, let me do the little
Timothy Sackton: Collect a spell attack first
Kate Sackton: Grade three
Timothy Sackton: Well that does it, that that does it for you. So
Timothy Sackton: Nine. Unfortunately, Mrs for the Spiritual Weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this thing is gonna
Timothy Sackton: Look around, sort of in anger. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A bit shocked by that it's meal got
Timothy Sackton: Taken away from it, trying to find a way to
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's just driven by this desire to just
Timothy Sackton: Eat something and with cancer now like groaning on the ground and hard to reach behind down with it will turn to doubt.
Timothy Sackton: And attack you.
Timothy Sackton: 17. What did you say your AC was
Timothy Sackton: So that hits and you take 11 points and piercing damage.
David Kong: Do these mounds or
ericrosenbaum: They're all mouth so there's no
Timothy Sackton: Got a strong by
The inspiring.
ericrosenbaum: And if you get from that, no.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Schwartz: Man, so I ducked down behind the wall and pop back up again and shoot that I am I am clearly off my game.
Timothy Sackton: You're just off your in game.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so well. The is like very distracted by seeing Kenzo down by this man with and it's just
Timothy Sackton: Been listening.
David Schwartz: Listening also tuition what this guy is reading silently about as it comes over.
Timothy Sackton: Right, Kenza you're up you're prone on the ground underneath doubt.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with but you are at 1500 points and conscious
David Kong: Wow, okay. So just for a moment here just so you know, you know, Kenzo being a
David Kong: You know,
David Kong: an explorer of
David Kong: The inward cosmic
Timothy Sackton: Well, nevermind. That
Mike Sackton: Keep going. I was good. I forgot I was going to do something. If anybody hit me, but it's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you want to use your reaction. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's fine.
David Kong: Don't worry about. You can do it.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: While ago
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no, it's fine. I don't want to burn my spouse lot anyway. It's good. I'm going to use it in something else.
David Kong: Alright, so
David Kong: So Tim, you know, Kenzo as a as a seeker of
David Kong: You know the unity of all things, and then the true nature of the cosmos has now officially had a near death experience and has actually like traversed the doorway to the other realm and now
David Kong: Has like he's gonna have to spend a lot of time meditating to figure out what the fuck you just experience because he basically died and somehow magically revived.
David Kong: And he still not sure exactly what happened, but is now like realizing that he's on the ground and purely out of instinct kind of shoots through delegates legs over to here.
David Kong: And as he like on it shoots that way like takes a staff and tries to
David Kong: You know, take a swing at the
David Kong: Creature with his staff and
David Kong: Fucking. Amen. Mrs. I'm guessing.
ericrosenbaum: That yes
David Kong: It but still takes an additional strike and
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. Mrs. As you just can't seem to find a purchase on this, this
Timothy Sackton: This is sort of
David Kong: Well, this is not another day. This
ericrosenbaum: Brutal
David Schwartz: Rolling
ericrosenbaum: It's hard to say when you're just almost dead.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So that ends. Your turn. So down with your up
ericrosenbaum: Did we skip
ericrosenbaum: The in the rotation.
ericrosenbaum: That that might have happened. That's good.
Did we
Kate Sackton: Remember anything before I did.
Kate Sackton: When you did you did you like climb up higher somewhere and
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, you helped everybody you healed.
David Kong: Or thing.
Timothy Sackton: You healed.
Kate Sackton: But no, because then can do is totally dead.
Timothy Sackton: Or no, no. You're right.
Timothy Sackton: I think we did skip your turn.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how that happens.
Timothy Sackton: You can take your turn now.
You know,
ericrosenbaum: All I'm gonna do is spend some time.
ericrosenbaum: Drawing a tiny picture of a thorny vine in the air in front of me, which then
ericrosenbaum: Transfers through the air and appears in full vivid detail written on the ground front of the halfway
David Schwartz: This is a spell of retail
ericrosenbaum: Just trying to keep the guy away.
Mike Sackton: I am going to use my inspiration on that inspiration is Wendy Wendy for
Timothy Sackton: E D sex.
Cuz I
Mike Sackton: Okay to 17 hit
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that that turns into a hat.
Mike Sackton: And then, then what how much damage that I'm gonna burst a little thing open to do
Timothy Sackton: So it doesn't extra
Sex.
Timothy Sackton: And make it asked to make a concept and if it fails that takes an extra six
Timothy Sackton: What's your
Timothy Sackton: Spouse, is it 13
Timothy Sackton: You well the 12 so i think he fails.
Mike Sackton: Minor.
Mike Sackton: Seekers right
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. What's yours save DC for your spouse. I think it's 13 right
ericrosenbaum: Not sure where that is.
Mike Sackton: If you just click on spells. It says, save DC
Timothy Sackton: Right at the very
ericrosenbaum: Top of your 13 yes
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, it fails. So it takes your
Timothy Sackton: Seven damage plus an additional sex or 13 total damage.
Timothy Sackton: And as you head on this thing, the sort sort of strikes off it, and it doesn't seem too badly wounded. But as this.
Timothy Sackton: This room both guiding your hand and exploding as you impact it
Timothy Sackton: The force of the explosion like bursts, a bunch of its skin and it seems like it's in very bad shape at this point will be added.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna, I don't think I'm gonna bother.
OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so this thing's still asleep.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Well be as and our starts running, and looks down at his feet. You just hear the stream of no no no no no no no no no no no no no.
Timothy Sackton: And he failed.
ericrosenbaum: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: And now it is your turn again.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, it's my turn again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, cuz we skipped. Your turn. Last time, so
ericrosenbaum: We're sure happens fast, um,
ericrosenbaum: It's not much left for me to do. Anybody need healing again.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Delicate you mean I met I only have 10 hit points left. But I think this guy's gonna die soon.
Mike Sackton: But I could only take what I couldn't take even another head.
ericrosenbaum: Oh yeah, oh, I'll send some building vibes.
ericrosenbaum: That's for
David Kong: Healing so useful. Geez.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah yeah
David Kong: We've taken a huge amount of aggregate damage this this this battle like
David Kong: A lots and lots of damage.
ericrosenbaum: With the exception of those of us who prudently
Timothy Sackton: Stress to hide away.
Building
Kate Sackton: In front of the monsters.
Mike Sackton: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: That's true wrestling has been taken. Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: That's interesting. Yeah, good armor, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: That's your bonus action, are you doing anything else with your action.
ericrosenbaum: Um, I can't, I can't think of it.
ericrosenbaum: Let's just chill.
Timothy Sackton: Wrestling
Kate Sackton: All right, I'm just going to
Kate Sackton: rack up the thing with my warhammer
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: With that strike.
Timothy Sackton: You smash it and it just kind of collapses again and you hear this, again, you hear like a sizzling and
Timothy Sackton: A bit of a of a sort of mad yelping as it
Timothy Sackton: crashes to the ground dead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this thing still asleep. You have probably another 30 seconds before it wakes up.
ericrosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: But I'm not initiative at this plane. What do you want to do.
Kate Sackton: Well, I was thinking spiritual weapons towards it, or credit going to wake up before I can go sit and wait
Kate Sackton: runs fast.
Mike Sackton: Is there any signs that these things can
Mike Sackton: Talk or communicate any fashion.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that have
Timothy Sackton: Mouths they seem to have some degree of intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: They weren't necessarily talking to each other.
Timothy Sackton: But definitely not you know the brightest thing in the
Timothy Sackton: World.
David Schwartz: We have any way to like
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say me. I have some rope.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could tie it up with a pro. I think in 30 seconds if you run over there right away. Yeah, could
Timothy Sackton: You could get it tied up
ericrosenbaum: Cool.
Mike Sackton: That with will go tie it up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So as you're tying it up.
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's like starting to wake up and you get it.
Timothy Sackton: You get it, like, well, tied up with with rope.
Timothy Sackton: Not a garden hose.
Timothy Sackton: cyberpunk reference and
Timothy Sackton: As it starts to come to and just is like just kind of yelping and snarling at you and you know try testing the robes and and sort of trying to to break through any kind of way can
Timothy Sackton: Just seems like horribly like angry and just
Timothy Sackton: Snarling mad.
Timothy Sackton: So busy to be getting any particular language. It doesn't turn to you and say, hey, let me go or anything, it's just
Timothy Sackton: It could be speaking some language of the language, mostly consisted of like sort of growls and
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and snarls and you know bits of
Timothy Sackton: You know, guttural
Timothy Sackton: Cries and things like that.
ericrosenbaum: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Not anything you recognize
It.
ericrosenbaum: I wonder, though I do have
ericrosenbaum: Equal the animals.
Timothy Sackton: Is not actually an animal.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, so, wouldn't this wouldn't apply
Timothy Sackton: That would not apply.
David Kong: Are you guys all over there with the hyena think
Mike Sackton: Somebody should walk in and should
Mike Sackton: Worry about and
David Schwartz: Tim you soon.
Ciao.
Timothy Sackton: Ciao.
Timothy Sackton: He's okay. Yeah.
David Kong: So while you are all ok so
David Kong: I guess seeker. You also with with the creature
ericrosenbaum: I was walking over to see if I could understand what it was saying.
Yeah.
David Kong: As you all are kind of heading over there, Kenzo, you know, again, like just road you're just shredded somehow it's like not dead, and basically like like just isn't saying he's not saying a word and then like basically kind of sits into a
David Kong: Sort of a cross legged like meditated pose and is totally silent, but you all start feeling the earth shaking around him just like
David Kong: We're starting to like shake like all all around.
Mike Sackton: Around Kenzo around
Around Kansas.
ericrosenbaum: I am I turned back towards you wondering how you caused a minor seismic event.
David Kong: It's not obvious. It's just, it's just like literally the earth around around you.
David Kong: It's chicken.
Timothy Sackton: I sent you a message towards
Timothy Sackton: So if anybody did you actually go are you actually going over to him. I'll be
David Schwartz: No, I'm trying to talk to the payment you
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Is anybody going over to Ender
Timothy Sackton: He's starting to come
Mike Sackton: Somebody should but
Timothy Sackton: I'm not, that's not. Yeah, you don't get anything. I thought you were trying to
ericrosenbaum: Um,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah. We should tie up hinder
ericrosenbaum: Also
Kate Sackton: Keep an eye on Kansas the crazy guy candor in the vicinity. So I stayed where I was. But I didn't want to approach.
Kate Sackton: The half unknown happening right now. He doesn't recognize me. See you.
David Schwartz: Next time. Oh.
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, hope with that.
Timothy Sackton: So, as he saw the as he comes to. He also seems to be sort of
Timothy Sackton: Acting
Timothy Sackton: Similar to this other creature like he's sort of snarling and angry and you know he's just, he's just sort of
Timothy Sackton: Screaming and frustration almost
Mike Sackton: This that he had a show like
Mike Sackton: This. What's the carrying does it have anything
ericrosenbaum: To sorts
Timothy Sackton: It has two swords. It has it's you know it's wearing
Timothy Sackton: Armor. It's not in its not, you know, good quality. It's tattered but it's, you know, like started leather right it's it's it's not carrying much outs besides weapons and armor. I mean, it has, you know, it has
Mike Sackton: food or water.
Timothy Sackton: It does have what it does have a water skin. There's a few strips of like
Timothy Sackton: Raw flash sort of tied around it, but it doesn't seem like it's carrying much in the way of food.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to have a significant amount of gear. There's a, you know, there's a
Timothy Sackton: lag of a go tighter type, you know, loop slung over its back that's been personally not on
Timothy Sackton: And it has certain sort of a few bones like
Timothy Sackton: Sort of like a crudely constructed necklace type thing like pied is like an amulet or something around its neck.
David Schwartz: What this is
Timothy Sackton: Like knuckle bones of probably not a while making medicine check
Mike Sackton: And these were on the North side of town. Right. These guys were coming down the doors coming from the North.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: It's. I mean, they're like mammalian
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Probably bones from some sort of like antelope or undulate or some sort of animal like that like bits of the ankle bits of the of the wrist bone like just little bone fragments from something like that doesn't seem to be humanoid but you're not entirely sure.
ericrosenbaum: And
ericrosenbaum: In terms of the body structure like which parts are human, which parts are hanging
Timothy Sackton: as basically a, like a humanoid hands and left hand hands normal like a like a humanoid
Timothy Sackton: But it clearly. Can you sought running and all for its back legs are much more high, you know, like, and then it has basically I had either like face and sort of main structure rock down its neck and big ears.
Timothy Sackton: And like teeth like very
Timothy Sackton: You know carnivores scavenger teeth.
Timothy Sackton: So it's really sort of its torso and arms that are the most humanoid like
ericrosenbaum: Freaky
ericrosenbaum: Thing.
ericrosenbaum: Had a similar effect.
ericrosenbaum: This sort of like incoherent bloodlust
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean just it's more sort of anger. You know, it's like, I mean, Andrew is sort of yelling almost like that in disappointment and anger.
Timothy Sackton: Was just kind of
Kate Sackton: Responding towards the MAS originally and now they're gone. He's filling out or is he like now sort of focused on now.
Timothy Sackton: He's doesn't seem yeah he was definitely running towards the mouth creatures.
ericrosenbaum: Why, that's weird.
David Schwartz: He say that
David Schwartz: She was saying that he was ready to be that he wanted
David Schwartz: His if he was running to them in order to be consumed by
ericrosenbaum: Anybody seen anything like these mouths on legs before
Timothy Sackton: Making our corner check seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Your proficiency in our corner right yep
Timothy Sackton: So,
Let's see.
ericrosenbaum: I read a whole book about mouse creatures.
David Kong: As part of your undergrad thesis. I thought
David Schwartz: Most creatures are an essential part of geology.
So,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: essential part of geology, you
Timothy Sackton: Out.
Timothy Sackton: So you you think about this for a while and you recall
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you are, you've been interested in sort of the idea of other planes and how that connects to magic for a long time. And so at one point you studied
Timothy Sackton: Back, you know, before you even left your home city in one of the older libraries there and
Timothy Sackton: There was a book on
Timothy Sackton: It called intrusions from the darker planes.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: In that book. A lot of it was sort of speculation about, you know, the kinds of creatures and and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: Evil that can seep through the darker places in the multiverse. And you remember seeing a picture that looked very similar to this.
Timothy Sackton: Described as being
Timothy Sackton: Sort of foot soldiers in the army of the
Timothy Sackton: Dark Lord of hunger.
ericrosenbaum: Appropriate
ericrosenbaum: I'm going to relay this information as strange as it sounds.
Timothy Sackton: And it seemed clear from that book that these were extra planner entities like they were not from this world was the description was the context that you would have read this.
ericrosenbaum: But how would they get here.
Timothy Sackton: So you do know that there are you know there are some
Timothy Sackton: More powerful magic's I can summon demons and other creatures like that.
Timothy Sackton: So it's definitely possible it's something you've aware is
Timothy Sackton: not out of the realm of possibility but it requires fairly powerful magic's to do
ericrosenbaum: We should try to regroup and make sure nothing else comes in we kill
Kate Sackton: Not really telling us anything to get loose.
ericrosenbaum: Oh yeah, would you do with anything.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does it seem, it doesn't respond to attempts to communicate.
Kate Sackton: Right now.
Kate Sackton: Like let it
Kate Sackton: Run the way
ericrosenbaum: There's no rehabilitation.
David Schwartz: So retributive justice.
ericrosenbaum: Richard
Sense of restorative justice.
ericrosenbaum: So,
Mike Sackton: There's no way that i mean
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it does. I was more thinking there's no way we could, you know, it wouldn't lead us back to its base or anything like that. It seems too far.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense that if you untie it it's just going to attack.
Mike Sackton: Attack.
Timothy Sackton: Keep trying to attack you until you are in our dad.
David Schwartz: We tell anything like looking at the other creatures anything about where that might have come from, you know the difference between like the desert to the south versus like the
David Schwartz: The
Timothy Sackton: So like it. They at least just from looking around, they probably came from the North.
Mike Sackton: Can we follow their tracks. We did a good job.
David Schwartz: Yes, we can.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, you can
ericrosenbaum: We some
ericrosenbaum: If the mouse creatures make distinct tracks and if they came from the same place. So
Mike Sackton: What's kill this hyena thing.
Mike Sackton: What some somebody
Mike Sackton: Go are all of us go maybe reassure the town that they didn't, you know that.
Mike Sackton: They should flee probably advance your pleasing timetable.
ericrosenbaum: Right.
David Schwartz: To know
David Schwartz: I'll take her back to the headwinds well
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you as you start to take him back.
Timothy Sackton: Bri in Cali you see sort of running from the distance and as they see you with him and him walking and he seems at this stage. He seems kind of almost catatonic like he's
Timothy Sackton: You know very much entered the kind of depressive phase of his, his cycle and
Timothy Sackton: Is just kind of whimpering to himself and occasionally like complaining of being hungry and moving slowly and they're
Timothy Sackton: They're quite
Timothy Sackton: Relieved extremely relieved to see him alive and Kelly just kind of looks shocked at you and he just
Timothy Sackton: He just ran off, we
Timothy Sackton: heard these things coming and we ran with everybody else. As far as we could and he just
Timothy Sackton: He just turned and ran
Timothy Sackton: straight towards them.
David Schwartz: So trying to feed himself to one of those
David Schwartz: Laws.
She like
Timothy Sackton: Just like her face turns white and she like steps back in horror and says, just like holds her arm up, or no, don't
Timothy Sackton: I can't
Timothy Sackton: And she like turns her back and is don't tell me what that was like.
Timothy Sackton: It's already going to live in my nightmares. I do not want to see any you know anything more about this. I
Timothy Sackton: I hope you can do something for him. I hope you can find some
Timothy Sackton: Some clue.
Timothy Sackton: And she's like, there's like tears kind of coming down her face. She's
Timothy Sackton: Clearly extremely distraught at this news and the site of this battle.
David Schwartz: To be comforting, but it is very much like not a people person is like very bad people skills is like, well, we'll track them back north and 10th either to break the spell.
David Schwartz: What you know we have
Timothy Sackton: They so that they have Flynn's kind of shuffle off as you hear
Timothy Sackton: heartbeats coming from the east as have da rides up
Timothy Sackton: His Spirit bloodied and Like us dash across his chest and he says, who, thank God.
Timothy Sackton: I saw the Dustin was running in this direction when two of these. And he looks around
Timothy Sackton: At the bodies and he sees this like high end creatures.
Timothy Sackton: To have these attacks.
Timothy Sackton: On the other side of the hill.
Timothy Sackton: And I, they seemed like they were
Timothy Sackton: Sneaky.
Timothy Sackton: They were shooting at people with arrows and I charged towards them just praying that as I saw the four of you run off five of you run off, you wouldn't be able to deal with these attackers.
Timothy Sackton: I think we have to leave. First thing in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: These are the same sorts of creatures that were attacking Bassett, and if they're coming from the North. Now, as well.
Timothy Sackton: We have to leave as quickly as we can.
David Kong: So, by the way, this whole time everything that's been going on Kensal has not moved can do is just like stayed exactly the earth.
David Kong: Shaking for a little while and he's just not moved stayed in meditative pose this entire time just like not just saying
Kate Sackton: Have you all seen this before.
ericrosenbaum: Well, he is a monk, but we haven't seen this specific thing.
Now,
ericrosenbaum: Wait to
ericrosenbaum: Have doors, the guy that just wrote up
Yeah.
ericrosenbaum: We should let you know that in addition to these guys. We just defeated.
ericrosenbaum: As much stranger group of creatures. They were all mouth, you might say, I don't know if there's any identifiable remains
Timothy Sackton: That I can put so
Timothy Sackton: That's, I mean the one that wrestling destroyed with the spouse is pretty much scattered to pieces, but
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: The Warhammer.
Timothy Sackton: The, the other two are still like intact enough, you can look at their corpses.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you are sort of standing here you can see that the corpses are like decaying
Timothy Sackton: Faster than normal, right, like they're already starting to rot, a little bit and like the raw is kind of seeping into the ground slightly around them.
Timothy Sackton: Almost like bruised like they're just like their flesh is all becoming bruised and and beaten as they
Timothy Sackton: Start to decay.
Timothy Sackton: And fade away.
Timothy Sackton: Again, they're fading away instead of decaying right like the
Timothy Sackton: One. That's the shattered into pieces is just
Timothy Sackton: Gone. There's not little bits of flesh scattered around the battlefield is just gone.
ericrosenbaum: How does, how does
Timothy Sackton: He. I mean, you can see he wasn't expecting that. And he sort of steals himself a little bit and try you know is acting, you know, he is like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Warrior, dude. He's not gonna let himself.
Timothy Sackton: Show fear or confusion in front of you, but he you know you can text takes a step back on his horse and you can tell that wasn't
Timothy Sackton: That wasn't his expectation. HE THOUGHT YOU WERE FIGHTING more of these.
Timothy Sackton: Hiding
Timothy Sackton: Hiding a creature
Timothy Sackton: That is unsettling.
Timothy Sackton: I am impressed with your prowess and
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: blanching in the face of a creature with so many teeth, but I have not seen such a thing before.
ericrosenbaum: They seem to be very dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Came from the blasted planes. There's
Timothy Sackton: Could be anything out there.
Timothy Sackton: From our. Do you think it
Timothy Sackton: Came from the north from ravens hold
Timothy Sackton: For I guess it could be anything there either.
ericrosenbaum: From my studies, as far as I know, this type of creature comes not from this world at all, but from another
ericrosenbaum: From a darker plane.
ericrosenbaum: Who knows how they got here. We'd like to try to find out.
Timothy Sackton: That is a Yeah, sounds like a dangerous mission, but
Timothy Sackton: And now he's like looking around, it's like
Timothy Sackton: Turns to risk when it says, I don't believe we've been introduced sort of gets a little bout have dar
Kate Sackton: Risk when
Timothy Sackton: Are you with them.
Kate Sackton: It seemed prudent with such things about to join some other travelers headed in the same direction. So,
Timothy Sackton: You're heading to ravens hold
Kate Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: I wish you luck, I must return and supervise the
Timothy Sackton: Gathering of forces, I, I suspect that we will be packing and preparing all night, but I am i will tell Kendra's ISA that we must leave that first night.
Timothy Sackton: The village is clearly not safe.
Timothy Sackton: I would advise you to the same as well and find out all you can
Kate Sackton: Hate me could you encountered, you were able to take them both down or did they get off in some direction.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes i i i was able to take them down.
Timothy Sackton: Nasty barbed arrows, but nothing that a few quick spear thrusts in a horse charged can't cure.
ericrosenbaum: One of ours. We put magically to sleep. What's its status now.
Mike Sackton: We know
Timothy Sackton: They killed that.
Nevermind.
Kate Sackton: I said source.
Kate Sackton: That will keep an eye out for the arrows.
ericrosenbaum: That sounds nasty to
Timothy Sackton: Well, watch your X travel quick travel quiet travel carefully.
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: Hope to see you in some time when I can return with enforce
Timothy Sackton: To launch our attack. Once we know more as to what we're fighting, but
Timothy Sackton: I think, given this news I am
Timothy Sackton: Glad we did not go charging off to the south, if there were more of these.
Timothy Sackton: Dark creatures from another plane, as you say, I'm not sure that would have been a prudent course of action.
ericrosenbaum: Will just hope those staying here to protect the people to share couldn't have sufficient defenses.
Timothy Sackton: I will say, I think you've done a nice job. I was expecting it this morning.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks, the fortifications are I think the best we could do and the time and
Timothy Sackton: I will pray for their safety. I'm sure they will pray for their safety as well.
Timothy Sackton: With that, I must away any rides off and there's, you know, as he rides into town. You can tell through sort of commotion in the distance and
Timothy Sackton: You know, people are
Timothy Sackton: Shifting quickly from what normally would have been a sort of celebratory feast. At the end of the festival as the shrine of G volleys grows into its into it's
Timothy Sackton: Sort of fused
Timothy Sackton: Divinely imbued form to a hurried evacuation gathering in the night, what they can
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Horse getting on horses and just moving as fast as they can. Many of the people who are here. Are you know came in for the festival and so are
Timothy Sackton: Prepared to travel.
Timothy Sackton: Many are
Timothy Sackton: You know, leaving their homes. But, given what's happened this evening. It's everybody is in a state of just flat out
Timothy Sackton: Preparation to flee.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: You know Kesa and Kendra to come to thank you and wish you off and
Timothy Sackton: Say you know this.
Timothy Sackton: This is not changed our plans that just advances the timeline and
David Kong: Sorry, have we gone into attack because cancer is not moves kind of those is like there's still
Timothy Sackton: No, people are coming out here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: The you know this changes nothing this
Timothy Sackton: Just means you must flee as quickly as we can.
Timothy Sackton: And controls and the other Miss die, who are staying are like loading barrels of water up through this, this
Timothy Sackton: Rope pulling system to the second story window. And, you know, bringing in all the food that's left in town and basically preparing to lock themselves in the temple and you know remain
Timothy Sackton: boarded up as much as they can. Until you return
Timothy Sackton: And with that, um,
Timothy Sackton: You rest. Are you going to stay Kenza just meditating out here through the night.
David Kong: Was it a bit. It kind of gonna come and say you can give me your gestures like ignore
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a good question. Is anybody his
David Kong: Daughter, if you would have noticed, like I was just like, kind of sitting there like if they're going to comment. I just have not moved of like
Timothy Sackton: That's what
Timothy Sackton: I mean, can draw when Kendra, as it comes up, he does sort of
Timothy Sackton: Look over a new is cancer. Okay.
ericrosenbaum: He was
ericrosenbaum: badly injured in the fighting.
David Kong: This I see you're actually asking if I'm okay. Amy, talking to me, or is anybody talking
ericrosenbaum: About to
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll come up to Kenzo after the week after have our weeds and sit down, sort of, next to you and just ask
Mike Sackton: Just want like look at Kenzo like are you responding to somebody being your you
David Kong: So if you come over and like kind of sit down near me, then, then yeah, then Kenzo kind of stars, a little bit and then it's just us just dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
David Kong: Okay, so, yeah. So, Kenzo kind of, kind of like stirs a little bit and then like, like, kind of, you know, comes out of his, his meditation out of his translating looks at you, but his eyes are like bright blue like just brilliant blue eyes and he's just kind of looks at you and then
David Kong: It says dealt with.
David Kong: The battle over
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong: Did we win.
Mike Sackton: Yes, you were there.
Right.
ericrosenbaum: So I've been rummaging around in the Marines trying to extract, one of the teeth of the mouth creatures.
ericrosenbaum: Are cat, but I i turn when I when I hear the voices.
ericrosenbaum: And see the glowing of the eyes.
Mike Sackton: This is unusual, your eyes are not normally blue
David Kong: Know, there are black, brown eyes. So yeah, they're like piercing like blue eyes like like diamonds like me incredibly like right
ericrosenbaum: Now when you did your Hadoop can was that blue
David Kong: I'm sure. Yeah, it was like
ericrosenbaum: A glowing blue ball force.
David Kong: Yeah, exactly.
David Kong: Perfect. I love that. Yes.
ericrosenbaum: Just kind of stare at your glowing eyes for a second.
David Kong: I'm
David Schwartz: Sorry that Kenza you good
David Kong: I don't know.
David Kong: I don't know, I feel like I've
David Kong: crossed into the void.
ericrosenbaum: You took a lot of bites from these guys I hold up to did I find a tooth, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can
Timothy Sackton: Track your teeth. I mean it's it's it's black. And it's a it's almost steaming, it feels slightly warm to the touch.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can extract one
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Water skin towards Kenzo
Kate Sackton: Some more physical recoveries.
Price.
David Kong: Was it there was a reason
Kate Sackton: I reach a water skin toward doing case you
Kate Sackton: Are coming back include physical state where you need some refreshment. Yeah.
David Kong: Kenza kind of looks up looks at that at you and it's it's very grateful. You know, grab some water drinks.
David Kong: Thank you, friend.
David Kong: I think you helped save my life.
Kate Sackton: We all contributed
Kate Sackton: You're welcome.
ericrosenbaum: Well, we're glad to have you back and
David Kong: Say, okay, good. Finish. We're saying secret.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, I admit, I'm curious, based on my
ericrosenbaum: As you know, geological interests.
ericrosenbaum: How it was the are able to shake the ground around you. If indeed you were causing that somehow
David Kong: The ground shaking around me.
Kate Sackton: Well, yes.
ericrosenbaum: So it seems while you were meditating earlier.
ericrosenbaum: Or it looked like you were meditating.
David Kong: I think I need. I think I need to spend the evening processing, what has occurred.
David Kong: But what were these things, you know, where are they now those creatures that kind of like look at, like, like, Oh my gosh, I'm shredded like I'm just like, like
ericrosenbaum: Like yeah
David Kong: It's been a shredded you know
ericrosenbaum: It took a lot of plates.
David Kong: What, what were those things. The hell was that
Mike Sackton: Think they were creatures from some other world.
ericrosenbaum: These, these mouth creatures. I've seen a drawing of them in a book. Many years ago, actually not that many years ago.
ericrosenbaum: I i read
ericrosenbaum: About creatures that can come
ericrosenbaum: From darker planes.
ericrosenbaum: Than this one.
ericrosenbaum: But they have to have been summoned here somehow by powerful man.
David Kong: This is
David Kong: You know as as kind of Kansas like talking and drinking. You can see like, like, kind of on. And in a way, kind of like coming out of this trance, a little bit. It is like because I start changing back to normal, normal color Uber for a service out of getting back into himself move like
David Kong: This, I don't know what this means, this is, this is
David Kong: This is
David Kong: It's
David Kong: Hard to process everything that's happening right now.
David Kong: With the implications of dishonor.
ericrosenbaum: Deed well we have a journey ahead of us to puzzle things out.
David Kong: What are what are your plans for the evening prepare
ericrosenbaum: Well, I think, I think I showed you my
ericrosenbaum: little booklet my humble.
ericrosenbaum: sheaf of drawings that I've now bound up into legendary staff Kenzo my account. If your feets in the games.
ericrosenbaum: Was thinking I might spend a few hours tonight.
ericrosenbaum: Drawing
Timothy Sackton: Eric, I think at some point. I'm gonna actually need to see the legendary status Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Like In Real if
ericrosenbaum: I'll work on it. I did actually just destroy the binding earlier today.
ericrosenbaum: Um,
ericrosenbaum: Yeah, so I'm gonna make some drawings
ericrosenbaum: I think we all need to get some rest.
Yeah.
David Kong: That's right.
David Kong: Tim, it would be easier for me to like find a new new clothing someplace.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you probably have a spare set of clothing anyway.
David Kong: Yes. Pair set of perfect
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna just before it gets to wait look around and see if there's any tracks.
ericrosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make us around check
Timothy Sackton: YEAH, THERE ARE LEAVING NORTH and you can distinguish the
Timothy Sackton: hyena creatures and the MAS they seem to have come together, traveling from the north, but then split when they hit this building and the MAS when
Timothy Sackton: Right and the
Timothy Sackton: Painting creatures went by.
Mike Sackton: What
Time of day is it
Timothy Sackton: Evening. Now, the sun is setting.
ericrosenbaum: Wonder what those mouth guys were headed towards
Timothy Sackton: But you can see I mean you can get a read on where the tracks are leading and
Timothy Sackton: You know, you're pretty sure you can pick up the trail in the morning, unless it if it rains overnight or something that would be bad, but it almost never rains.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong: All right.
David Kong: I'm gonna get a change of clothes and then go meditate at the oasis tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Or go
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, as you all settle into your evening.
Timothy Sackton: Preparing for your journey in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet settles over the town interrupted by the sort of clangs and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of bustling noises of horses being packed of of saddles be saddle bags being loaded food stores being emptied out of the end
Timothy Sackton: And when you wake at first late in the morning, of course, a huge
Timothy Sackton: Huge horde has gathered probably 1000 people or so on.
Timothy Sackton: At least 1500 horses sort of stretching to the West as people begin to
Timothy Sackton: Head out of the village for safety.
Timothy Sackton: Some moving quickly had some like the half links moving a bit slower behind, but hot dogs and about 25 troops that he's managed to recruit here as well as the survivors of the retreat of the refugees, keeping a close watch on the rear
Timothy Sackton: And as the town empties to the west, you turn
Timothy Sackton: looking north to your destination.
Timothy Sackton: The Rising Sun casting long shadows as you pick up the tracks again and begin to head north
Timothy Sackton: And that is what will stop for tonight.
ericrosenbaum: Awesome.
ericrosenbaum: Thanks. Good.
ericrosenbaum: Thanks for joining.